――The Great Disaster averted, the Sacred Vollachian Empire had at last escaped ruin.

With the Imperial Capital at its center, the hosts of undead that had deployed throughout the entire Empire lost its leadership, and fell apart; as they scattered and fled, the battle approached its curtain’s close. However, even though their commander, Sphinx, was no more, and the Mana that had been provided to the Sacrament of the Immortal King by the Stone had been severed, until they were granted death once more, the resurrected undead still struggled onward with the entirety of their new lives.

Although the struggle against the Great Disaster had concluded in this manner, the scars it had been left behind would never disappear.

It was quite possible that, from here on out within the Vollachian Empire, the undead that had managed to escape would frequently cause trouble. Even without that, even with the war itself having ended, everything that had been influenced by it would never truly be put right once and for all.

Naturally, the towns and regions that had become warfronts, and the people and things that had become casualties, would all need to be verified so that they could be processed and returned to their pre-war state.

And sadly, things such as “heroic reveries” were of no use to the post-war recovery.

???: [So, it’s unexpectedly true that I’ve got nothing to do…]

???: [――What was that? Do you have complaints towards minseself?]

???: [It’s not that I’m complaining, it’s just, like, a strange feeling?]

As Subaru grumbled that out, walking alongside him was a beautiful woman―― Priscilla, and he had carefully selected the words that he directed towards her profile. In response to Subaru’s reply, she used a fan she held to cover her lips, a small “Hmph” slipping from her mouth.

To that response, one he was well-accustomed to, Subaru tilted his head in wonder as he walked alongside her.

――Presently, the place in which Subaru and Priscilla were walking together, was within the walls of the Fortified City of Garkla.

The greatest fortress within the Empire, its ramparts had become extensively damaged by the advance of the undead hordes, with the citizenry and army unquestioningly working day and night to move forward the repair work. To walk alongside Priscilla in such a cityscape, it was a strange happenstance.

Both Subaru and Priscilla had been participants at the battleground of the Imperial Capital of Lupugana in the decisive bout against the Great Disaster, Sphinx, and it was their anxiety for the wellbeing of those that they had left behind, and the disastrous spectacle of the Imperial Capital, unfit for settlement, that had prompted their return to this city.

Priscilla: [The Crystal Palace, once extolled as the most beautiful in the world, is now naught but ash, and the water yet contained within the reservoir still threatens to cascade forth and sweep away the city. As things stand, it shall take a century to restore the Imperial Capital.]

Subaru: [Things there were on a pretty huge scale… hold on a sec, should the person responsible for turning the palace into ash really be saying that?]

Priscilla: [As soon as it began to rampage as a golem, even without mine actions being enacted, the recovery of its palace form was no longer a possibility. As such, mineself used it as a ceremonial flame to herald their send-off, for they had fully carried out the role of Great Disaster.]

Subaru: [――A ceremonial bonfire for Sphinx, huh.]

Priscilla responded calmly, and as Subaru thought about the enemy, Sphinx, he cast his eyes downward.

This was not something that anyone who participated in the battle against the Great Disaster could say, but at the very end, in order to activate the effects of Spica’s Star Eating, Subaru faced off against Sphinx directly.

At that moment, Subaru and Sphinx had laid their souls bare to one another.

That was probably why. Subaru could not hate Sphinx, and regard her as evil from the bottom of his heart. At least, she was not an unforgivable enemy like the Sin Archbishops, that was what he felt.

And it was something similar to this, which he thought Priscilla may have felt――.

Priscilla: [It was a truly magnificent pillar of flame. After all, it is truly elating to see something burn.]

Subaru: [Nah, what if it’s just that you like to burn things!?]

Priscilla: [My, so noisy. Do not suddenly use such a loud voice. That is just like Al, is it not?]

At first glance, it sounded like an insult, but Priscilla’s lips were curled into a smile as she spoke. It was a difficult relationship to grasp, but she cared about her Knight, Al, in her own way.

That much could not be questioned after the reunion of Priscilla and Al at the Imperial Capital.

Subaru: [And, on that note, Al wouldn’t want to be separated from you, so where is he right now?]

Priscilla: [It is as you say; as he did not wish to be separated from mineself, he was ordered to be a servant. At this time, he should be working hard as he salivates for mine praise. Just like you, who is head over heels for the half-devil.]

Subaru:[I can’t and won’t deny it, but I feel bad for how Al is being used…]

???: [――Priscilla-sama!]

Hearing a voice say “Oh”, Subaru raised his eyebrows, and with a small run across the opposite side of the street, a small boy―― Schult’s figure came into his sight. The small boy in shorts and a butler’s outfit was breathing heavily, coming to a sudden halt in front of Priscilla, and,

Schult: [Um, Priscilla-sama, thank goodness you are safe, that is the most important thing! I am… I really am, so… waahhh…]

Priscilla: [A child should not be concerned with such foolish trifles. If you are worried about mineself, then be so with dignity.]

Saying this, Prisicilla embraced Schult, who had come to a halt, the young boy’s head becoming buried in her breasts. Rather than a metaphor, the statement that he was buried in her breasts was a fact, so it felt like looking at a difference in biological species rather than a difference in gender.

Like Al, Schult was one of Priscilla’s servants, and he had been truly worried about her return from the Imperial Capital, his face turning red as he melted into her touch.

In fact, for him to be this delighted at the return of the Imperial Capital group―― the “Rescue the Vollachian Empire from Destruction Squad”, it had been worth hastening the dragon carriage for their return.

Subaru: [It was also worth it since as soon as I reunited with Patrasche in this form, she immediately hit me…]

Schult: [Natsuki-sama, I was hoping that you could convey my thanks to Emily-sama! Also, I would like to help Priscilla-sama more, so I wish to hear the secret behind how you grew up so fast!]

Subaru: [I’d love to see Emilia-tan’s smug face when she receives as much gratitude as possible, but my rapid growth is a cheat technique. If you go down the normal route but grow quickly, then I think you might die from the growing pains.]

Priscilla: [Regardless, you need not recklessly grow any taller. Stay the way you are for the time being.]

Schult: [Uuu, I am caught between a rock and a hard place…]

Caught between his own wishes and the desire of his master, Schult’s anguish was plain to see on his face as he was caught between these competing ideals. Subaru, understanding his feelings towards Priscilla which could not be attached to just deep affection or admiration, sympathized with his anguish.

Subaru: [Well, even if I sympathize with you, I can’t give you any advice!]

Priscilla: [Rather than a fool, you are a pitiful man. Schult, are you walking by yourself?]

Schult: [No, that is not the case! I was with Utakata-sama and all the Shudraqians, so I…]

In the middle of Priscilla’s breasts, the buried Schult glanced behind him. Following the lead of this glance, he discovered a recognizable, sour-faced man―― Heinkel.

Subaru was aware that he had come to the Empire, and that he had contributed to fighting against the Great Disaster, but.

Subaru: [Schult, that old man isn’t bullying you, is he?]

Schult: [That is not the case! Heinkel-sama is a kind personage!]

Subaru: [That’s definitely a lie.]

Even if it was your relative, it was not good to spread false perceptions. Saying that Heinkel was kind, was like saying that Roswaal was a good and honest person.

In fact, even Heinkel seemed to be bitter about Schult’s evaluation.

Heinkel: [Pipsqueak, don’t say needless things. I’ll cast you away.]

Priscilla: [Do not utter such nonsense, commoner. It is for mineself to decide how Schult is handled. Rather, it is you who ought be afraid of being abandoned in the Empire.]

Heinkel: [Guh…! This time, I, against that… against, that, I…]

Priscilla: [Was of use? If you wish to boast so, at minimum you must speak clearly.]

Towards Heinkel’s frown and mumbling, Priscilla spoke with a bored look. She then turned Schult away from her chest, pushing him towards Heinkel.

Priscilla: [Schult, there are many people I must still visit. It is late. Do not stay up into the night.]

Schult: [I… I understand…! I feel somewhat unable to sleep, but I shall do my best to get some rest!]

To Schult, who was still excited, Priscilla nodded with a “Very well”. After that, she looked towards the one close to Schult, towards Heinkel, who was unable to speak.

Priscilla: [It was a great service, Heinkel Astrea.]

Heinkel: [Ah?]

Priscilla: [Your way of life is too unsightly to bear gaze upon, but the ability with the sword that you have forged is a worthy sight. Absolutely, even if you are never rewarded, you must never forget your diligence.]

Heinkel: […Though, whether I get rewarded or not is up to you, Miss Priscilla.]

Saying this, Heinkel turned away, roughly scratching at his red hair as he walked away.

To that distancing back, Subaru called out with an “Old man”, and,

Subaru: [I heard you saved Garfiel. ――You looked after my little bro.]

Heinkel: [――Keh.]

With his foul attitude, Heinkel walked away without stopping. Schult bowed his head, hurriedly chasing after his back after seeing them off, while Subaru shrugged towards Priscilla.

Subaru: [You didn’t give me a proper answer when I asked this before, but why are you with Reinhard’s dad?]

Priscilla: [There is no such person known as the father of another. It is a question I have no inclination to answer.]

Subaru: [Ugh… When you tell me that so straightforwardly, my chest begins to hurt.]

When Subaru clutched at his chest, Prisiclla poked at his head with her fan and said “Fool”. As Subaru rubbed at where he had been poked, Priscilla lightly stroked her chin.

Priscilla: [Well now, are you trying to bore mineself? Perform your duties as a jester well, Natsuki Subaru.]

Once again she called him by his name, yet for some reason, he had no desire to go against it.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Have the two of you come to engrave a frown onto my face while I am occupied?]

Thus asked Abel, brow as wrinkled as his words suggested, upon seeing Subaru and Priscilla arrive.

This room in the great fortress, albeit not sophisticated enough to call an office, had served as Abel’s workspace for a restless night of urgent planning in regards to postwar measures.

A great shift in tone from having brandished the Yang Sword along with Priscilla against the moving palace.

Subaru: [Man, it’s incredibly off-putting for you to be tough now. There’s no way we’d be able to have another catfight.]

Vincent: [I have never wished to partake in such bizarre rituals with you. If your purpose is to distract me with these trifles, exit at once.]

Subaru: [You say you want no distractions, but…]

Subaru glanced at the sofa beside the desk where the inhospitable Emperor tended to his task. There, Flop and Medium slept shoulder to shoulder in harmony.

The O’Connell siblings’ cozy reunion evoked a striking contrast next to the Emperor.

Subaru: [I don’t see you kicking those two out.]

Vincent: […They guarantee me further nuisances if I rouse them; that is why.]

Priscilla: [You do not disappoint with your pretexts, elder brother. Your leniency manifests in its full glory when faced with what is most precious. When you had allowed me to flee from the country, that too had been an act of love.]

Abel was silenced by Priscilla’s calm words, spoken as she fanned her face.

That could have been interpreted as a silence that would have emerged no matter what had been said, a silence that had emerged precisely because the words had hit the mark, or even both.

Subaru: [You siscon Emperor…]

Vincent: [Albeit I know not the meaning, I presume that those words of yours are the height of irreverence.]

Priscilla: [Cease with the empty threats. Due to the Great Disaster on this occasion, the Empire has forged far too many debts towards the Kingdom and the City-States. Especially towards the camp of Natsuki Subaru’s bunch, is that not so?]

Subaru: [Priscilla… it’s not my camp, it’s Emilia-tan’s.]

It was a rare follow-up on the part of Priscilla, but he had to firmly correct her on an important part. Priscilla returned a “You are quite well-trained.” with an expression slightly taken aback, and Abel silently massaged his brow with his fingers.

“Woah,” uttered Subaru when he witnessed Abel proceed to close both eyes.

Vincent: [――What is the matter, Natsuki Subaru? Do you intend to pile up even more irreverence towards me?]

Subaru: [Nah, not this time. Not like I want trouble with you, and since you’re busy, I should just leave.]

Pouting his lips, Subaru did not point out the fact which he had noticed. He did not think Abel to be unaware of it, either. That was because the reason and impetus for that change, had occurred in a definite form.

And, it seemed that Subaru was not the only one who considered that a pleasant change.

Vincent: [I extend that to you, Priscilla. I have many matters due.]

Priscilla: [So you put the Empire above your dear sister? With a decade passed, have the scales within yourself finally come to a settlement, elder brother? If that is so…]

Vincent: [What?]

As Priscilla cut off her words, Abel made a slight frown. In front of Abel, Priscilla pinched the hem of her dress, and gave a deep bow where she stood.

And then――,

Priscilla: [――Seventy-seventh Emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, Your Excellency Vincent Vollachia. From the bottom of mine heart, I celebrate your ascendance to the throne.]

Vincent: [――――]

Priscilla: [To the utmost, laboriously endeavor to lead the pack of Sword Wolves. For the time being, the days bereft of respite shall only continue.]

Delivering words of congratulations with a serious expression, and then a warning with a bold smile, Priscilla spoke to her elder brother. At the attitude of his sister, whose tempo was as per her whims, Abel―― Vincent Vollachia heaved a sigh.

Then, glancing towards the O’Connell siblings, sleeping on the sofa with their shoulders pressed against each other,

Vincent: [Priscilla. ――In this entire world, only with you, sister mine, could I prescind from mistrust.]

Priscilla: [Ever so sinuous you are, brother mine, even in your confessions of love.]

Concealing a provocative smirk behind her noisily-opened fan, Priscilla interpreted Abel’s statement. Subaru found himself in total agreement with her.

If there was only one thing that a third party could add onto that――,

Subaru: [From my perspective, you two siblings resemble each other to an aggravating extent.]

And in saying so, Subaru took the brunt of those cognate siblings’ matching, unamused glares.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Were you speaking with His Excellency Vincent, Priscilla?]

Priscilla: [Hm, Dear Mother, is it?]

After having their fill of two kinds of sibling relationships within the Empire, one team Imperial Family and the other team merchant, Subaru and Priscilla ran into Yorna in a passageway of the fortress, along with Eugard, who was accompanying her.

It appeared that they were heading to Abel’s room, as if they had business to attend to with him.

Yorna narrowed her almond-shaped eyes, and fixedly gazed at Subaru and Priscilla. Subaru had thought that it was because she found this pairing to be unusual, but he was wrong.

Yorna: [It is only my first time seeing it, but I find it will be quite the challenge to get used to seeing you with your limbs lengthed like this, child.]

Subaru: […Ah! Now that you mention it, Yorna-san has only ever seen me in my cross-dressing and shota forms!?]

As the astounding truth emerged, Subaru was shocked at his own abundance of variation within the Empire. At Subaru’s shock, Yorna placed the back of her hand to her mouth, and while smiling,

Yorna: [Your Excellency, this personage is a Knight of the Kingdom. Until just the other day, he had been shrunken down to the form of a child, and during our first meeting together, he was in the form of a beautiful lady.]

Eugard: [Hm. For Mine Star to sanction such an appraisal of beauty in thyself, I shan’t say that mine interest hath not been piqued.]

Subaru: [No no not at all, please stop with that kind of stuff. Though, Natsumi Schwartz is a noble-minded lady who wouldn’t be embarrassed at showing herself off to anybody…]

Priscilla: [Although your skills are praiseworthy for a foolish commoner, your self-esteem is quite distorted.]

At Subaru’s answer, which tread the line between composed and passionate, Priscilla gave a comment in a fed-up manner. Afterwards, she casually turned her attention towards Abel’s room,

Priscilla: [For what reason are you visiting mine elder brother with the King of Thorns, Dear Mother?]

Eugard: [‘Tis because the time that remaineth for mineself is meager. Before that reacheth its terminus, I wish to discuss matters pertaining to the wishes of Mine Star with the child of mine own children.]

Subaru: [Time remaining…]

At Eugard’s response, Subaru looked towards Yorna, who looked pleased.

――Eugard was present here with Yorna with a natural attitude, but he was still one of the undead. Like Sphinx, his appearance was by no means inferior to that of the living, but that fact would not sway.

Eugard: [In all likelihood, mine newfound sense of satisfaction towards mine own life hath borne an influence upon mine appearance. As for mineself, rather than sharing in an embrace with Mine Star via a body in which heat doth not flow, this is much preferable.]

Priscilla: [Albeit it may be a linkage of soul rather than blood, you unashamedly boast of your love towards a mother right before her daughter. I suppose that is exactly what one would expect from the King of Thorns, but… what is this about mine Dear Mother’s wishes?]

Yorna: [――. It is in regards to the shackles upon my soul, endlessly invoking its reincarnation.]

The outline of Yorna’s quiet words was something which Subaru only knew of on a surface level.

Yorna was formerly a girl known as Iris who was bound to unending resurrection; each time she died, her soul would return to the surface without receiving the baptism of Od Lagna, and she would reincarnate into her next body.

Therefore, what Yorna desired from Abel for her contributions in the civil war and against the Great Disaster on this occasion, was――,

Yorna: [――I wish to repeal it. To annul the decree of extinction put out by the Empire in regards to the wolfpeople and the molepeople.]

Subaru: [Eh…]

Yorna: [All along, such had been my desire… though, when I became a Divine General, I had prioritized acquiring the Demon City, so as to have a location to welcome my beloved children.]

Priscilla: [――I see. In order to bind your soul, Dear Mother, the two races that are the wolfpeople and the molepeople, their bodies and lives, which have been piled up since times of yore, were being utilized, and if that supply were to be severed, the curse would disappear naturally.]

Eugard: [And in those days, ‘twas none other than mineself who had passed the decree. If a request cometh from mine mouth to the Emperor of the current age, matters shall be settled with no harm befalling the honor of Mine Star and the child of mine own children.]

Saying that, Eugard turned a tender gaze towards Yorna, who was hugging his arm.

In that moment, Subaru understood that deep within the eyes of the King of Thorns’s invariant expression, there were smoldering sentiments of shame and remorse that had spanned many years.

“Iris and the King of Thorns”―― within the tale recited in this world since times of old, he did not know just what sort of drama had occurred between him and her.

However, supposing it had ended in tragedy, this was its after story.

Subaru: [In that case, I think it’s good so long as you at least have an epilogue with a nice aftertaste.]

Priscilla: [Then we are of differing opinions. There are plenty of superfluous acts that can be taken in the afterlife to make things redundant.]

Subaru: [You! Listen! Here! Alright…!]

Prsicilla, who was supposed to be the daughter of one of the parties involved, despite it being a complex relationship, had attempted to stir up discord, so Subaru was about to scold her to read the mood. But, before he could do so, she continued with “But”,

Priscilla: [If it is the King of Thorns and mine Dear Mother, no such tactless acts shall be taken.]

Eugard: [――. As ever, thou bearest Terriola’s likeness. Dost thou not think so, O Star of Mine?]

Yorna: [Now that you mention it… it is no wonder I find her to be so lovely.]

Priscilla: [Do not conduct such speech akin to comparing mineself with those other than mineself. If it were not you and your husband, Dear Mother, I would not pardon it.]

Being told so bluntly by Priscilla, a smile formed on the lips of both Yorna and Eugard.

It was a strange relationship, and although this was not the case in reality, from the outside looking in, they seemed like an intimate mother, father, and daughter, so Subaru scratched his cheek with a somewhat awkward feeling.

At Subaru’s gesture, Yorna smiled, saying “It seems we have caused you tedium”,

Yorna: [I shall go now with His Excellency. Priscilla dear, you mustn’t bicker with the child.]

Priscilla: [I do not treat him as a child. To begin with, if this foolish commoner angers me, I shall simply lop his head off.]

Subaru: [Don’t say such scary things! Well then, Yorna-san, Eugard-san, until we meet again.]

As Yorna and Priscilla had an exchange befitting a mother and daughter, Subaru called out to Eugard. ――He had said “until we meet again”, but he felt like this would be the last time.

The other party must have also thought the same thing. The former Emperor looked directly at Subaru, and spoke.

Eugard: [Thou ought spend thy days of virtue together with those whom thou lovest. May good fortune and happiness be upon both thee and thy star.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Wow, to see Subaru and Priscilla together, It’s reaaally surprising.]

???: [It truly is ain’t it. There’s plenty that we need to get done, so it’d be trouble if it rains tomorrow.]

At Anastasia who, after saying so, had turned to gaze out the window at the night sky, Priscilla snorted with a “Hmph”.

Having had the opportunity to talk to many people, they had stopped by the lounge for a glass of water, and had unexpectedly come across Emilia and Anastasia, who were seated at a table, facing each other.

Since their adventure to the Pleiades Watchtower, such a pairing could no longer be considered peculiar. Rather, like how Emilia was surprised, it was much more surprising that Subaru was with Priscilla.

In any case, what was this pair with different roles, one the brains and the other the brawn, doing here?

Emilia: [Well, actually, Otto-kun scolded me, saying I shouldn’t work anymore today…]

Anastasia: [First of all, it ain’t all that good for us to be meddlin’ in the Empire’s post-war proceedin’s now is it? So I thought, why not chat a bit before we rest… and whaddya know, Emilia-san’s been braggin’ ‘bout Natsuki-kun non-stop.]

Subaru: [Eh, talking about me? Emilia-tan has? Lemme hear, lemme hear.]

Hearing of some intriguing girl-talk, Subaru leaned forward. However, with Subaru’s collar having been grabbed from behind, he shrieked out with a “Gweh!”.

As expected, the one who had done so, quite capable of decapitating Subaru let alone strangling him, was Priscilla. She let go of Subaru’s collar, and glared at Emilia and Anastasia as if to rein them in,

Priscilla: [A half-devil and the she-fox, both fellow candidates in the Royal Selection, meeting face to face, and the topic of discussion is the exploits of a foolish commoner? Time is not to be spent so worthlessly. Even counting the stars would be marginally less objectionable.]

Emilia: [Ah, I get it. When I was alone in the forest, I would sometimes do that to pass the time…]

Anastasia: [As for me, I’ve spent long hours countin’ the money I’ve saved up.]

Subaru: [Hey, hey, it’s not good to let the topic of conversation veer off like that because of Priscilla’s thoughtless words.]

To say that one should be counting stars instead, was a rash comment on a level of telling them to just give up on everything and just go to sleep. Of course, if it were the stars, Subaru could spend countless hours searching for constellations, but that was beside the point.

As he tried to prevent that retort from rapidly spreading the conversation into the realm of the night sky, Emilia suddenly laughed with a “Hehe”.

Emilia: [Still, it feels reaaally strange doesn’t it. Me, Anastasia-san and Priscilla-san, we’re all candidates for the Royal Throne, and yet all of us are in the Empire like so.]

Anastasia: [If only Natsuki-kun hadn’t been so careless as to be sent away from the tower, none of this would’ve happened.]

Subaru: [That was beyond my control, besides, if I hadn’t been sent away, the Empire would likely have been destroyed.]

Although in no way did it make up for the event that started it all, considering the scale of the Great Disaster, those words had not been far from the truth. It was not to say that he had liked being sent away, but that it had served a purpose.

But then again, Priscilla would likely snicker and scoff at such a reasoning――,

Priscilla: [――Indeed that is so. Without you lot, the history of the Empire would have come to an end yesterday.]

Subaru: [Wah!]
Emilia: [Huh?]
Anastasia: [Oh?]

Priscilla: [No need to gasp like fools. It was but a statement of an obvious fact.]

That was all there was to it, was what Priscilla had said, but the fact that it was her who had said it, had surprised Subaru and the others.

At those unexpected words from Priscilla, Anastasia chuckled saying “What’s this now”,

Anastasia: [How darn surprisin’. Didn’t think ya’d be so upfront ‘n admit that we helped ya.]

Priscilla: [Do not misunderstand. In the first place, the Empire was Prisca Benedict’s homeland, and thus is no longer the homeland of mineself. The responsibility for the survival of the Empire rests upon the Emperor and the army that bows to him.]

Anastasia: [Had only just thought so, but there she is. Yep yep, if the Princess ain’t this way, she wouldn’t be a worthy rival.]

Emilia: [Geez, Priscilla is such a contrarian, so don’t tease her, Anastasia-san.]

Subaru: [Who even says “contrarian” these days…]

At that very Emilia-like assessment, Subaru chucked, with equal parts exasperation and admiration.

However, it was not as though he could not understand Emilia and Anastasia’s feelings. Previously, Priscilla had been such an unknown entity to Subaru, like an alien creature he could not fathom.

And although he had acknowledged her strength and insight, the nature of her humanity seemed like that of a carnivorous beast that could not be reasoned with.

That impression he held of Priscilla, he felt it had changed a lot over these past few days in the Empire.

Subaru: [Right now, just like Emilia-tan and Anastasia-san, as well as Crusch-san and Felt, I can recognize Priscilla as a Royal Selection Candidate well.]

Priscilla: [For what reason would I be in need of your recognition? Watch your mouth, foolish commoner.]

Emilia: [There you go again with that harsh way of speaking… but, we also had briefly spoken about that. Right?]

Emilia had clasped her hands before her chest, and Anastasia, whom she had called out to, smiled softly.

Anastasia: [Ya know, that whole thin’ at Pristella? At the time, I hadn’t invited the Princess over ‘cause I felt there wasn’t a reason to, but…]

Emilia: [Then next time, let’s invite Priscilla too. Especially since she’s a Royal Candidate, like us.]

Priscilla: [Foolish commoner, it seems your master is unaware of what sort of event the Royal Selection even is.]

Subaru: [She’s cute isn’t she? Behold, my angel.]

Although a vacation was not the intention behind the meeting of the candidates in Pristella, from the way Emilia would see it, she must have felt bad about Priscilla seemingly having been excluded from the gathering.

That said, rather than a situation where the Witch Cult goes on a rampage, a vacation would be much better.

Subaru: [If it does come to that, let’s go someplace where we can have a swimsuit vacation next time.]

Anastasia: [‘Bout his desires, ain’t Natsuki-kun a straightforward child. Well, not like I ain’t gonna consider it. Of course, if the Princess says she’s fine with not bein’ invited, we ain’t gonna invite her, right?]

Emilia: [Priscilla…what do you think?]

Anastasia had been provocative, while Emilia was timid like a small animal. As expected, at the invitation from the two beautiful girls who were also Royal Candidates, Priscilla shrugged her shoulders.

Priscilla: [Do as you please. If it shall amuse, then very well, if not, ‘tis poor. No reason in particular for mineself to refuse.]

Emilia: [――! Yes, let’s do that. We’re all in a difficult position, and we all have very many things that worry us but…I don’t see any reason why we all can’t get along.]

Anastasia: [Whenever Emilia-san’s involved, everythin’s all mellow, it’s a bit troublesome.]

Priscilla’s answer could not be taken as being enthusiastic, but the way Emilia had taken it, made it sound like she had been chomping at the bit, and Subaru nodded in agreement with Anastasia’s thoughts.

Priscilla as well, seemingly not bothering to correct her, looked up at the night sky――,

Priscilla: [――A lass from the slums and a Duchess, as well the she-fox of the City-States and an amethyst-eyed half-devil.]

Emilia: [――? Priscilla?]

Priscilla: [‘Tis no matter of significance. I merely had the thought that, when listed out like so, it sounds akin to characters starring in a poorly penned tale.]

Subaru: [That “poorly penned” was unnecessary. In the first place, I don’t think you’re in any position to talk.]

Priscilla, basking in the wind, held the position of a supposedly deceased Princess of the Empire. As for a title that could spice up the story, hers was more than flashy enough.

After responding in that way, fearing his words might have truly angered Priscilla, Subaru’s heart had lurched. However, that was a needless fear―― Nay, it was far from a needless fear.

Priscilla: [――No doubt about that.]

Saying so, Priscilla brought the tip of her fan to her lips and laughed.

Just like a girl in the midst of chatting with her friends, she laughed in a relaxed manner.

△▼△▼△▼△

Somehow losing the chance to part ways, Subaru continued to walk around with Priscilla through Fortified City.

Subaru had worked far too hard today, by his own admission, and the same could be said for Priscilla and the many others who continued to move energetically around the city.

Of course, most of them, like Subaru, were probably in too high spirits to sleep.

Subaru: [Don’t tell me that they’re all undead who don’t know what it means to be tired…]

???: [――What stupid things are you talking about?]

Subaru: [Woahoa!?]

In a daze, he looked out over the stone walkway to the cityscape below, where his comments were overheard by the people passing by.

Moreover, someone whom he did not want to overhear him―― glaring at Subaru, was Rem.

With a pail of water in her hands, Rem seemed to be one of the people who could not sleep either.

Subaru: [So, are you still assisting in treating the injured? I know you’re working hard, but working too hard isn’t good either. You should learn from Nee-sama, who takes a rest as soon as she gets tired.]

Rem: [I could say the same for you. No, rather, if you don’t have work to do, isn’t it your job to return to your room and quietly rest?]

Subaru: [What a shrewd argument…! I mean, it may not be a job, but there are things that I also have to do.]

Subaru answered Rem in a whispered voice, pointing his fingers together in front of his chest. Rem’s pale blue eyes turned stern at his attitude, and Subaru’s courage waned more and more.

Then, as if reaching out a helping hand to Subaru―― nay, simply to express her displeasure at the sight, Priscilla sighed,

Priscilla: [It is no great matter. As you can see, his arms and legs are slightly longer than what they were in the form of a child. Because of this, it is difficult for him to face those whom he was involved with as a child.]

Subaru: [It’s redundant for my legs to still be short after I got bigger! You’re right about both things, though!]

When Priscilla nonchalantly expressed those sentiments, Subaru bit his sleeve and sounded a “Gaa!”.

Subaru had an important task ahead of him―― to tell everyone in the Pleiades Battalion that he had returned to his original form, just as Priscilla had said.

Although Subaru’s comrades had been with him since his stay at the Gladiator Island, he had never once confided to them that he had been in a shrunken form. In fact, he had never revealed the truth about being the illegitimate child of Abel, the Emperor, which meant that he had been lying all this time.

Subaru: [If I reveal it and everyone despises me, I’ll never recover… I’d rather Natsuki Schwartz to have died an honorable death in battle…!]

Rem: [If you tell a lie like that, I will despise you. Are you fine with being despised by me?]

Subaru: [I’d hate that as well. I wouldn’t be able to live if you hated me, Rem…!]

Subaru whined as his heart was battered between Rem at the front gate and his Battalion at the rear gate. Rem sighed at the situation and suddenly noticed Priscilla’s gaze on her.

Priscilla, with arms crossed to emphasize her breasts, called out “Rem” to her,

Priscilla: [Your expression has changed during our time apart. The healing magic that had caused you such anguish seems to be of some use.]

Rem: [Yes, I have had many opportunities to practice what you told me, Priscilla-san… Also, thank you. That gentle fire that shared your strength with all of us after the star was shot down… that was something from Priscilla-san, right?]

Priscilla: [Hmm. What makes you believe that?]

Rem: [――. It’s intuition. Maybe it’s because of the time I spent with you, Priscilla-san, even if it was only for a short time.]

Pulling the water pail closer to her chest, Rem replied to Priscilla.

Rem’s smile was full of confidence, despite her words, and Priscilla also smiled when she saw it.

Priscilla: [Very well. It seems that your heart of diamond has been pierced. I deliver mine praise.]

Subaru: [Um, well, Rem, actually, when the city was in danger, that star thing, it was me and Beako who shot it down, what do you think about that? Well?]

Rem: [Hah?]

Subaru: [I’m sorry for butting in I apologize so please just praise Beako later.]

Wanting to be praised as much as Priscilla did, Rem gave him a scornful glare. Subaru was reluctant to back down, but Priscilla had a point.

Rem seemed to stand tall now, to the point that the expression “heart of diamond” was apt. He thought that her reunion with Ram, Petra, and others and the presence of her friend Katya had a big part in that.

Subaru: [Besides that, you can tell me more about what you and Priscilla were doing while I was gone.]

Rem: […More or less, once everything is taken care of.]

Subaru: [Ah, in that case, I’ll help you treat the injured and anything else. You can let me carry that, too.]

It was not his intention to put off talking to everyone in the Battalion, but it would be unthinkable to leave the busy Rem alone, even if he were tired.

When Subaru offered, Rem said, “In that case”, and offered him the pail of water.

However――,

Rem: [――No. It’s fine after all.]

Subaru: [Huh!? D-Did I do something to offend you!? Am I being too considerate, am I being unpleasant!?]

Rem: [It’s not quite that. Not that, but… it’s because if you come with me, Priscilla-san will be alone.]

Subaru: [No no no, in that case why don’t you let Priscilla help you treat the injured?]

Rem: [Are you sane?]

Subaru: [I know you’re exaggerating, but what I said wasn’t a statement of sanity!]

Subaru reflected on the unbelievable things he was seeing. However, it was strange that Rem refused his help because of Priscilla.

In the first place, the fact that Subaru happened to be with Priscilla now was just by chance, not for any deep reason.

If Beatrice and Spica would have kept him company, his night would not have turned out like this.

Subaru: [But, Beako and Spica both got held up by experts in Spirit and Authority-related matters…]

Rem: [Then, in that case, I’ll stay with Priscilla-san――]

Priscilla: [Rem, there is no need for such idiotic consideration. I can manage to walk around with the likes of this foolish commoner.]

Subaru: [See, I know it’s weird to say this, but you’re the one who started dragging me around in the first place!]

He had been taken out to play the role of a jester, and thus ended up a certain clown exclaiming as such.

However, Rem ignored Subaru’s plea and stared directly at Priscilla. Rem was still searching for the words that were not formed even in her mind,

Rem: [I don’t want you to be alone, Priscilla-san.]

Priscilla: [――. So that was your answer that emerged after some time? You are a girl who does not understand.]

Rem: [But now, this pain in my chest, it doesn’t hurt anymore, thanks to you.]

Rem’s response was something that Subaru did not understand.

Perhaps it was part of an exchange between Rem and Priscilla that Subaru did not know about. Upon receiving it, Priscilla paused for a beat, gave a small snort, and,

Priscilla: [Strive well, Rem. O daughter of the Oni. ――For there are roles that only you can carry out, wishes that only you can grant, and a future that only you can achieve.]

Rem: [――. Priscilla-san?]

Priscilla: [Come, foolish commoner. Since Rem requested it, I shall take you with me especially.]

Subaru: [I’m not really satisfied with that, but, where to?]

Ignoring Subaru’s convenience with dignity, Priscilla indicated the outside of the corridor with her fan. It was not the view below that Subaru had seen, nor the starry night sky, but something in between―― the walls.

The city walls were all damaged in the siege, though fortunately, they had retained their original form. However, they did not seem to be a place where anyone or anything was to be found.

Priscilla: [Rem, follow thy own heart. For although your heart may ripple, those ripples shall never be unseemly.]

Rem: [――Thank you.]

After indicating their destination, Rem and Priscilla once again spoke of something Subaru did not understand.

However, Rem’s calm expression gave Subaru no reason to dig any deeper.

△▼△▼△▼△

It appeared that people had finished clearing out, as there were not even any soldiers keeping watch atop the ramparts.

Taking into account that the battle against the Great Disaster had just recently reached its finale, as well as the fact that the undead had yet to be fully exterminated, the decision seemed to be more than a tiny bit incautious――,

???: [Then, it boils down to who in the world’s got the guts to go against the Princess’s orders.]

Greeting Subaru and Princess as such, Al sat atop the empty rampart, his legs crossed. Next to him was what appeared to be an expensive bottle of alcohol, and two glasses.

Subaru: [You got drunk to celebrate us winning the war?]

Al: [Don’t be stupid, no way I’d start without the Princess. That said, I didn’t think you’d be with her, bro. Ain’t that, like, a super rare pairing?]

Subaru: [Everyone we’ve come across’s been saying that, it’s been pretty darn embarrassing this whole time.]

Al had proclaimed himself to not be inebriated; however, the tone of his voice was lively. Rather than due to the alcohol’s effects, perhaps he was slightly intoxicated due to the afterglow of their victory.

As a matter of fact, while walking around town with Priscilla, Subaru had also felt that quite keenly.

Subaru: [It’s not just that everyone’s got something to do, but they also really don’t want to let this be just a dream.]

Al: [Quite the poet now, bro. But, I guess you don’t know. It’s more like, “O morning, please don’t arrive yet”.]

Everyone, rather than harboring the negative thought of going to sleep while holding the fear that their triumph would be naught but a dream upon waking up, probably held feelings more in line with wishing for the day of the victory that all of them had come together to seize to not come to an end.

As Subaru and Al shared in that sentimentality before daybreak, the backs of their heads were suddenly tapped by a folding fan. As both screamed out “Gyan!” in unison and turned around, they crossed gazes with Priscilla’s look of dumbfoundment.

Priscilla: [A clown and a commoner have gathered, discussing naught but foolish matters. More importantly… Al, have you procured what I sought in accordance with mine instructions?]

Al: [Oh? Oh yeah, you don’t gotta worry. I requested that old Prime Minister geezer to clear the guards from the wall, and got some alcohol from the pretty High Countess. This booze man, its price’d prolly make my eyeballs pop outta my head if I happened to see what it is.]

Subaru: [I get you. The label and antiquity of the bottle give a sense of its price. I don’t drink alcohol, though.]

Al: [I get you. The box it was kept in did a really good job. I also don’t really drink, though.]

As companions in their ignorance of alcohol, Subaru and Al amused themselves by pointing several things out. At their attitude, Priscilla shrugged her shoulders, and in their stead, took the bottle and removed the cork in a gesture she was accustomed to.

Then, she slowly poured the liquid, pregnant with the sweet scent of liquor, into the two glasses.

Priscilla: [There are only two glasses. You two ought to share a single one.]

Al: [Ah, I was sorta hoping for an indirect kiss with the Princess if possible, but pardon me I apologize I’ll shut up.]

Al backed down dejectedly, but Subaru, being someone who understood the feelings of wanting to make teasing remarks, did not blame him. In any case, as Priscilla placed her own glass to her lips, Subaru, who was to her side, hesitated for a moment, and then placed his lips to the glass he had been given.

Al: [Woah, underage drinking.]

Subaru: [It’s legal in this world… Ghehough gahgk!!]

The liquor flowed onto his tongue, and the instant on which the scent passed through his nostrils and throat, Subaru choked up. As Al burst out laughing “Bwahaha” at that, he too took the glass from Subaru and sipped the alcohol.

Using the hand holding the glass to lift the jaw of the helmet, he poured the liquor in through the gap, and then――,

Al: [Ghehough gaheugh ghbleughhh!!]

Subaru: [Aren’t you choking up more than I am!? Pull yourself together, fully fledged of-age drinker!]

Priscilla: [You both are causing a racket. That defeated Witch ought to be bemoaning, you do not even know what fine liquor is.]

Subaru: [I’m getting some confusing feelings of guilt, please stop…]

There was no way Sphinx would ever say “Apology: Required” due to something like being unable to taste the high-grade alcohol of victory, but Subaru was disheartened due to feeling like she would.

In the end, as Subaru and Al shared their alcohol little-by-little, Priscilla finished emptying half of the bottle by herself. Specifically how strong it was was unknown, but for someone who had drunk that much alcohol, and alcohol that did feel quite strong at that, Priscilla’s face was as if it was nothing at all.

Al: [The Princess being a heavy drinker; right in line with her image, ain’t it?]

To the somewhat prideful Al, Subaru did not respond that such was exactly the case. And, once the glass that Subaru and Al had been responsible for was emptied, Priscilla, as if deciding that this was the time to do something,

Priscilla: [Dawn is nigh. I am a tad amused. ――Al, accompany mineself.]

Al: [Kehough… Huh? Accompany you, what do you… uoh!]

Declaring so, Priscilla put aside the half-emptied bottle of alcohol onto the handrail, took Al’s hand to help him stand up, and beckoned him to the middle of the wall’s top.

Pulling the perplexed Al towards herself, she smiled at Subaru, who was gazing in wonder at what was happening,

Priscilla: [Natsuki Subaru, sing.]

Subaru: [That’s way too unreasonable of a request!]

Priscilla: [Your tongue ought to have been moistened by such high-quality liquor. Well, I shall just tell Rem in case you are of no use.]

Subaru: [Grrrr, damn coward…! Fine!]

Finding himself in a development against his will, Subaru folded his arms, and constructed a set list within his mind. As he did so, Al stared deeply into Priscilla’s eyes,

Al: [Princess, I’m lacking one arm, y’know?]

Priscilla: [So what of it. You have two legs and loyalty pledged to mineself. ――Let us begin.]

It was not as though that had been the signal, yet Priscilla’s words overlapped with the first bar of melody.

Subaru: [――――]

What Subaru had chosen was not a hit song hailing from his original world, but one rooted in this other world, a tune that also happened to be a favorite of Subaru’s.

The Sword Demon Love Ballad was a bit too long, and he would probably start crying while singing it.

So, the song Subaru had chosen was――,

Subaru: [――Sky that Transcends the Light of Dawn.]

Slowly, the night over the Vollachian Empire would come to a close, and, pushing aside a yesterday speckled with stars, a new today boisterously dawned near.

As a song that blessed that phenomenon, this was an absolute favorite of favorites among the tunes Subaru had heard in this world.

Subaru: [Fu.]

Devoid of any instrumentation, the only thing producing sound was Subaru’s a cappella singing.

When compared with the bard Liliana, who made music her livelihood, he fell well short. Yet that which served as the greatest praise towards Subaru as he sang, was Priscilla’s response of dance.

Priscilla: [There, dance your heart out, Al! Do not bore mineself!]

Al: [Ehhh, shit! Now I’m in trouble! Bro! Turn up the beat!]

――While listening to Subaru’s singing voice, Priscilla and Al danced all around the rampart.

Priscilla’s dance was gorgeous; though she would likely become incensed were Subaru to say it, her dance was selfsame to the one performed by Abel back in Guaral with the purpose of seducing Zikr. Al’s awkward moves somewhat appeared to be those of a dance one would see at a lantern festival. Though lacking skill, it was fun to watch him. [1]

More than anything, it was clear that both Priscilla and Al, that master and servant both, were enjoying themselves.

Subaru: [――――]

Subaru was supposed to have been doing this reluctantly, but before he realized, he was singing with a smile on his face.

Sky that Transcends the Light of Dawn―― a song that sang about an inevitable dawn, a blessing upon a world born anew after being scorched by its brilliance, a song that was, in a sense, quite fitting for Vollachia, a nation ruled by flame.

And, Priscilla, who lived like a flame, was a woman most alike Vollachia.

Priscilla: [――――]

Ignorant as to how to end the song, he ended up repeating it, repeating twice, thrice even. As he sang, the dance between the two began to flow smoothly, and he lost the cue to bring it to its conclusion once more. Thus it repeated.

As they were all enjoying themselves in that manner, the real morning sun began to softly illuminate the rampart.

He had some alcohol in his system, and today―― no, yesterday, he had worked far too hard. Definitely, once he did go to sleep today, he would be incapable of waking up.

Amidst the gleaming dazzle of the morning sun, Priscilla looked awfully bright as she danced with Al――.

Al: [――Princess?]

A sudden, an oh so sudden utterance came from Al.

Subaru: [――――]

Just priorly, the utterance would have been permeated with the high-spirits he held no pretensions of hiding, with the yearning he held no capability of hiding. Now enlaced with a different timbre, Subaru’s singing came to an abrupt halt.

Then, Subaru blinked; many times, many times he rubbed his eyes.

And despite him rubbing his eyes――,

Priscilla: [――Albeit not on the level of that songstress, Liliana Masquerade, it was not a poor performance.]

Indeed, settled in Al’s chest while being embraced by him from behind, Priscilla voiced her praise.

――With the morning sun shining through Priscilla’s body, she was faintly fading away.

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [――――]

Aghast atop the ramparts of the Fortified City, enshrouded in the morning mist, Subaru gazed at Priscilla.

A blood-red dress, orange hair that reflected the rays of the sun, crimson eyes akin to flame―― all were things that composed the existence of Priscilla Barielle, none of those had changed, and yet.

Subaru: [Phri… ssilla…?]

Priscilla: [You too ought to know this already. In order to show me the Empire’s ruin, mine enemy, Sphinx, had imprisoned me within an alternate plane. In order to exit from therein, there was naught a choice but to reduce it to cinders.]

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Priscilla was clever. Therefore, going off of nothing but Subaru’s trembling voice, she had understood what Subaru had been thinking, what Subaru had wanted to ask, and thus presented an answer to Subaru’s query.

With that clear and concise response of hers, Subaru understood. He had ended up understanding.

Subaru: [――――]

She was the same as Eugard Vollachia, the Emperor of yore who had been accompanied by Yorna.

In exchange for her own life, Priscilla Barielle had returned from that alternate dimension.

The reason why her figure was pierced by the light of the morning sun, becoming misty as it faded away, ephemerally so, was as clear as day.

――The Priscilla Barielle present here, was already nothing more than an undead.

Al: [What… what sort of idiotic bullshit are you on about!!?]

With Subaru unable to say anything, standing stock still in a daze, Al was the one to shout in his stead.

Embracing Priscilla from behind, his voice trembling to an extent that it was clear that his face was contorting within his helmet, he tightly, tightly held onto her with his single right arm.

So as to not relinquish Priscilla, being killed by the slow, unhalted rise of the morning sun.

Al: [No, no, you’re wrong, Princess, this sorta thing… B-BRO!!]

Subaru: [――! Right. Right, you’re wrong, you’re mistaken. Just wait, Priscilla, I’ll…]

At Al’s quavering appeal, Subaru suddenly lifted his head and shifted his gaze towards the banister.

The Great Disaster having come to a close, he had ended up spitting out the package of poison which he had kept behind his molar. So if he were to choose a method to redo things immediately, jumping off of the rampart would be the fastest――,

Priscilla: [Cease.]

Subaru: [Why would I cease!? I have no reason to do that! This sort of thing, for me…!]

Priscilla: [――Cease, Natsuki Subaru.]

Just as he was about to jump over the railing, throwing himself over the edge, Subaru was held back by a voice. But, paying no heed to that, Subaru had fully settled his mind to proceed, to challenge the Great Disaster once more.

And despite that――,

Priscilla: [The Authorities held by yourself and Al may possess the power to warp even the laws of fate. But, you ought to remember this. Regardless of what use you make of your powers and prayers, there are some who desire that things remain unchanged.]

Subaru: [What… What, the hell do you think you’re saying? This… this isn’t the time for that! Right now I need to――]

Priscilla: [Natsuki Subaru.]

As Subaru grit his teeth, the nails of his hands upon the railing chipped off, blood streaming down.

He ought to just ignore everything and anything that Priscilla was saying, and jump. Indeed, having expended his life time and time again against the Great Disaster, as one who had seized victory for the Empire, Subaru’s heart was screaming.

But, perhaps he ought to be strong enough to brush that outcry to the wayside, and listen to what Priscilla had to say.

As Subaru arrested all movement due to the clash within him, his cold logic at odds with his emotions, Al screamed out with a “Bro!”. Holding onto Priscilla as to absolutely never let go, trembling like a child throwing a tantrum,

Al: [Bro! Please… Please!! Don’t listen to anything! You don’t need to listen to her! Do it! Save the Princess… Save Priscilla!!]

Priscilla: [Aldebaran.]

Al: [――Hk, stop, stop it, Priscilla! I ain’t gonna listen!]

Shrieking in sorrow, Al was called to by Priscilla as he implored Subaru, the former shaking his head in denial.

As she softly caressed his neck, Priscilla called Al by a name that Subaru was familiar with; however, this was his first time hearing it being used in regards to Al.

Being embraced tightly from behind, caressing the neck of the man behind her, it held the impression akin to that of a painting―― as something so fleeting that it would not remain a reality for long, a painting was the exact impression it gave.

Priscilla: [The two of you have saved the Empire. Of course, there were others who also fought valiantly. Yet, there exists not a single other person who has expended anything on the realm you two have. I bestow mine praise upon that.]

Thus, with a smile so beautiful as to reach unpleasantness, Priscilla continued.

Subaru’s appeals, Al’s screams, neither of them had been able to stop Priscilla’s gently recited words.

Those crimson lips, as if burning away the impressions of Priscilla that had persisted in him until now, as if to sear in that she had always been that way from the start, scorched their hearts with a flame known as convenient, rapturous beauty.

Priscilla: [The both of you have arrived at this junction by doing so many a time, this I know. Never placing yourselves above others, you have lived ‘til today. Hence, it may be that neither of you has ever received due recompense. I shall thus bestow that upon you.]

Saying that, within Priscilla’s crimson eyes, opened anew, Subaru was reflected.

Then――,

Priscilla: [――It was a great service, Natsuki Subaru. Thou art a true Knight.]

That instant he was granted that comment, strength vanished from Subaru’s knees.

Subaru: [――Ah.]

Falling to his knees, Subaru could no longer stand back up. His lips trembled all over, his mind was thrown into a disorderly state of chaos with all kinds of emotions, his understanding could not catch up.

That notwithstanding, the reason as to which strength departed his knees, was because it had been made certain to him. ――His soul, had understood.

Natsuki Subaru could not save Priscilla Barielle.

Priscilla: [Aldebaran, thou as well…]

Al: [I told you to stop! I won’t fucking back down! There’s no way I can back down! Because… because that’s how it should be, right!? If… if I back down, you’ll… Princess, you’ll…!]

Averting his gaze from Subaru, the latter having fallen to his knees, Al yet clung onto Priscilla. No longer was he turning to Subaru for help; rather, strenuously, he bellowed for her fate to be altered.

Yet, his voice gradually was bereft of its vigor, the sound of him weakly sniveling many times resounding. Gazing upon Al, unable to resume his words any further, Priscilla smiled. Akin to a loving mother.

Ironically enough, that smile was very much like Yorna’s, ergo serving as proof of their relationship as mother and daughter. Then, as if soothing her own weeping child, Priscilla spoke,

Priscilla: [Well, what am I to do about the likes of a grown man bawling at me like a child?]

Al: [――Hk.]

Priscilla: [Ha ha ha, there there, I can hear it, thy crying, groveling voice saying thou want mineself to be thy bride.]

Al: […Mhm.]

At the laughing Priscilla’s sentence, in a hoarse voice Al replied, and nodded. As he did, embracing Priscilla’s frame even more tightly, as to not let go of that which already was difficult to let go of, he confessed.

That was, undoubtedly, that was――,

Al: [Mhm, please be mine, Princess. My… Princess…]

That was, regardless of what was said by anybody else, a confession of love indisputable.

With all of the affection packed into his body, the man conveyed his love in its entirety to the woman within his arm. Receiving that, Priscilla’s crimson eyes flickered,

Priscilla: [――Look at that, it is mine victory again.] [2]

Having made him declare it, the nature of Priscilla’s smile altered, morphing into that which was habitual.

This was Priscilla Barielle; a triumphant expression brimming with confidence and pride, the lack of any hesitation to declare all things in this world as her own, a beauty who painted the very picture of arrogance.

Her radiance scorching the eyes of all, the Sun Princess whose presence could not help but make itself known to others――.

Priscilla: [You had best remember this, you who have decided to carry “heroic reveries” upon your backs, possessing the means to defy predetermined fate.]

Priscilla: [From here on, you shall bear the wounds of many, share in their pain, sniveling tears in their stead. However, many of those you are to happen across shan’t be virtuous. They shan’t even be upright. ――Nor shall they be perfect.]

Priscilla: [There shall be days upon which you shan’t be able to accept yourselves, in regret of your own actions. There shall be nights upon which you shall bend at the knee, in lament for your own decisions. There shall be mornings upon which you shan’t be able to raise your visage, in opposition to your own wishes.]

Priscilla: [The unloveable sides to those you love, the loveable sides to those you cannot love, many a time shall you witness those, and end up treading the selfsame missteps. ――And on those occasions, do remember.]

Priscilla: [That you both were praised by the perfect woman known as mineself, known as Priscilla Barielle.]

――As Priscilla voiced thus, neither Subaru nor Al could take their eyes off of her.

Atop the ramparts where none else were present, both presented as the most important individuals in the battle against the Great Disaster, they could not avert their eyes from the woman who smiled without a trace of regret as she grew ever misty.

Since they could not avert their eyes, they witnessed it true. The sight of Priscilla’s existence dissolving into light.

And, at the terminus――,

Priscilla: [The world is truly so beautiful. Henceforth―― the world is made for mine convenience.]

No falsehood in those words, the figure of the woman who was loved by the world, and returned said love to the world to an even greater degree, faded.

Extolled as the Sun Princess, having lived her life in a manner becoming of a flame, was Priscilla Barielle. ――Amongst the candidates for the Kingdom of Lugunica’s Royal Selection to decide the next Monarch, she was the first to drop out.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Author’s Note:

After going on for a long time, the Empire Part is thus completed.

Once the aftermath is dealt with in the Vollachian Empire, the story will return to the Kingdom of Lugunica.

Natsuki Subaru, and everyone else, will now go on to face a new conflict―― leaving behind the woman who passed on in that land.

I had always wanted to write about her.

To that extent, she truly was a person as radiant as a flame.

Thank you for everything until now, Priscilla.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translation Notes:

[1] – Bon Odori (盆踊り), meaning simply “Bon dance”, is a style of dancing performed during Obon (lantern festival).

[2] – The line here「――そら見よ、また妾の勝ちじゃ」is similar to the line spoken in Emilia’s third trial. However, it is not the exact same line as『ほら、見よ。また、妾の勝ちじゃ』. The version used in this chapter has a slightly more playful and less arrogant nuance. To align with this, we have slightly altered the translation of the line in accordance. Below are the respective versions of the line:
Arc 4: “――Witness. It is mine victory, again.”
Arc 8: “――Look at that, it is mine victory again.”
