*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

The moment he basked in the upward slice of the blade, for the first time in his life―― nay, for the first time in all of his time before and after death, Eugard Vollachia resolved himself to taste defeat.

It was the first time that somebody had crossed swords with him, contended with him as an equal, and to top it all off, secured a hard-fought victory.

Although he admired that superb level of skill, the fact that he had been defeated in a decisive moment he ought not to have lost caused his chest, no longer containing a beating heart, to throb. 

That which he could have never possibly hoped to wish for was granted, but happening across Iris once again in this manner, he had yet to exchange many words with her. They had been able to touch each other. But, he had not been able to fully convey his love.

Even so, Eugard had been granted a reunion with Iris.

In order for Eugard and Iris to be granted their desires, there were likely those who had been unable to exchange words, share touches, and convey their love to their beloved ones, even if they desired so.

That same thing had happened to the alignment of the stars between Eugard and Iris.

――Indeed, exactly as he had expected.

???: [I’m still a complete amateur when it comes ta wieldin’ this katana, ‘n even just a single swing drains so much energy outta me that I get a nasty sorta feelin’ from it.]

With thorns serving as proof of a curse dwelling in his chest, having delivered a blow with the Fiend Sword enshrouded in sinister energy, the jet-black wolfman―― Halibel spoke so.

That countenance of his reminded Eugard of a wolfman with whom he was once acquainted despite them not resembling each other in the slightest, aside from being of the same race.

Within his recollections, Eugard felt like he, too, would sometimes gaze upon him with such eyes.

Halibel: [Tho’, it’s a blade ya can’t hate, since it does its job ta the fullest with the energy it gives ‘n takes.]

Ignoring Eugard’s deep emotions in that moment, Halibel continued.

It was apparent that he had just given his impressions regarding the katana in his hand―― the Fiend Sword Murasame. But, the way he had put it made it sound a bit different from the fact that the power concealed in the Fiend Sword simply proved useful in his victory.
But, the way he had put it made it sound a bit different from the fact that the power concealed in the Fiend Sword simply proved useful in his victory.

It was as if the Fiend Sword had granted Halibel something greater than just victory――,

Eugard: [――The deluded conviction of the undead, hm?]

Ascertaining his body, which had basked in the slashing attack, Eugard put the sensation that he initially could not verbalize into words.

Within Eugard, having been resurrected into the body of an undead, there was a certain kind of unreasonable obsession―― an impulsive sense of hostility and violence appealing to his instincts, one directed towards the living of the Empire.

In all likelihood, this was not limited to only Eugard. On top of that, Eugard had been keeping that intense impulse in check with his stronger feelings towards Iris.

Even so, unable to go against the ringleader who had incited the resurrection, Eugard had no choice but to at least abide by their intentions, and had thus ended up crossing blades with the hyena-man and Halibel here.

That irresistible, overwhelming force of compulsion, had vanished.

As if it had been severed by the Fiend Sword clad in a dark, sinister aura, it had vanished.

△▼△▼△▼△

Eugard: [Therefore, there is naught within mineself but thoughts of Mine Star.]

Bringing a hand to her face, Eugard spoke tenderly to the woman who was both Iris and Yorna——  and to this Iris/Yorna lost the ability to speak, utterly entranced.

His skin was neither pale nor cold, and the pupils were not those sham golden irises that lay upon a sea of void, instead being their original blue hue.

His facial muscles which did not move irrespective of his status as an undead or a man, it was a serious expression which she recalled well.

——Unmistakably, this was the man that Iris/Yorna knew as Eugard Vollachia.

???: [It’s terrible to barge in here without any sorta permit.]

The reunion between these two, was interrupted by a powerful, hoarse voice.

Contrary to the contents of his words, the sudden intruder raised his voice in a warm welcome, undead swordsman—— nay, the Undead Swordmaster licked his lips with a glint in his eyes as he faced Eugard.

Towards the Undead Swordmaster’s gaze, Eugard’s expression did not even waver,

Eugard: [Thou hast a most remarkable ability, alas thou hast also erred in thy timing. Minself wishes for naught but to spend mine limited time with Mine Star.]

Undead Swordmaster: [C’mon there’s no need to say something so cold——]

Eugard had told him his wish with indifference, which the Undead Swormaster promptly turned a deaf ear to—— No, he tried to answer with a deaf ear, but could not finish his reply.

Yorna: [Get away from us!]

With that pointed scream, Iris/Yorna skillfully spun her small body, and her ice geta-clad feet flew furiously through the air, delivering a strong kick to the body of the Undead Swordmaster.

Undead Swordmaster: [Woah!]

The undead used his sheath to match the girl’s kick, avoiding the direct hit as he took a step back.

The impact was not entirely erased, but the Undead Swordmaster retorted with more joy than anger as his face split into a malicious smile.

???: [Teiya!]

That malicious smile was crushed by the powerful harbinger of an ice hammer.

This swooping blow from behind crushed him from head to toe, causing the individual known as the Undead Swordmaster to crumble into the ever-familiar shards.

If they had been able to kill him this easily, the Undead Swordmaster would have already been felled fifty times. But as always, then undead could be revived as much as they please.

However, as soon as the Undead Swordmaster was taken care of——,

Eugard: [——Mmm, a blow filled with emotions one would expect to be lacking in a child. For the shining potential that thou'st possesses, mineself shalt pardon thine rudeness.]

???: [Stay away from Yorna-sama.]

Yorna: [T-Tanza! His Excellency… What you’re doing to His Excellency!]

In the field of view of the screaming Iris/Yorna, the hilt of Eugard’s Yang Sword collided with Tanza’s geta made of ice, making a harsh shrieking noise.

In order to protect Iris=Yorna, Tanza had kicked the Undead Swordmaster while in the air, but this undead had not been her only target, rather she also aimed for the unknown Emperor who had suddenly intervened.

As it was so sudden, it was natural that Tanza could not tell Eugard apart from friend or foe.

Yorna: [Still, you can’t do something like that so suddenly…! Your Excellency, please excuse my Tanza. That girl holds no ill will…]

Eugard: [Wear not such a sorrow-stricken visage. Mineself loves any face which thou might wear, but thoughts of blaming mine heart which wishes to love thee even as thou entreaties mineself so earnestly rise.]

Tanza: [T-This person…]

Though Iris/Yorna wholeheartedly apologized on behalf of Tanza, Eugard’s reply did not touch on the core of the matter. This kind of thing had been a daily occurrence with Eugard.

Yes, back during those times, this had been a daily occurrence.

Tanza: [...Yorna-sama.]

Squeezing, his arms tightening around her in a hug, Tanza called out to Iris/Yorna.

Shaking her arm free from Eugard, Tanza had not lost her ability to discern his tranquility. While also not understanding their relationship, she understood that there was no animosity between Yorna/Iris and Eugard/ 

And besides that——,

???: [Hey! Maybe it’s a little too early for us to be taking our time to talk!]

Rushing over was Emilia, who had fought the Undead Swordmaster with Tanza.

She mercilessly struck the undead from behind with her hammer, and stared hard at Eugard who was close to Tanza and Iris/Yorna with her amethyst eyes and,

Emilia: [Are you on our side?]

Eugard: [That is indeed so.]

Emilia: [Thank goodness! You look reallly strong! Let me count on you!]

Eugard: [Understood. Leave everything to mineself.]

Having received an immediate response from Eugard, Emilia patted her chest in relief.

Iris aka Yorna's eyes twinkled at the way she had been able to discern friend from foe in an instant, but considering her circumstances as a half-elf, it would be presumptuous of her to speak about common sensibilities.

Anyhow――,

Yorna: [Your Excellency, that form…]

Eugard: [Alas, these are but embers that art yet to burn out.]

Yorna: [――――]

Even as he had spoken that, Eugard had not taken his eyes off Iris aka Yorna, nor had his expression contorted into one of sadness or loneliness.

Iris aka Yorna had also hoped that it would be spoken thus, in a manner that showed no mercy whatsoever. 

And then, while looking directly at Iris aka Yorna, Eugard continued.

Eugard: [However, for these few moments until it doth burn out, all of mineself is thine.]

Iris-Yorna: [――Yes, Your Excellency.]

He did so, only to ensure that there would be no reason for Iris aka Yorna to feel sad or lonely. 

This gentle King of Thorns who was feared by all, so as to not hurt anyone with anything other than his own thorns, had always kept his heart pulsing with tranquility.

Iris-Yorna: [Not at all, not at all… it brings me such happiness.]

Although their time was limited, she could interact with Eugard, and speak with him.

Ever since those days had come to an end, it was something she―― something Iris had been unable to accomplish. And because of that failure, innumerable sacrifices had been made. 

For the sake of atoning for those mistakes and regrets, Iris had joined the Empire as Yorna――, 

Swordmaster: [――That treasured sword ya hold, it’s the Yang Sword Vollachia, I presume.]

Suddenly, a hoarse voice that seemed to be restraining its zeal was heard, at which Iris aka Yorna and the others had looked up.

At some distance from where the four had gathered, the figure of a singular undead slowly arose from the ground. In the same fashion, one after the other, akin to insects emerging from under a large boulder, one after the other and even more after that, Undead Swordmasters under the dominion of a repugnant delusion had appeared. 

They were all alike, without individuality, and with perfectly synchronized movements and shining golden pupils, they smiled malevolently.

Swordmaster: [A legendary sword famous throughout the world, a magical tool forged by an unreasonable man, on par with that Dream Sword and Fiend Sword the spoiled brat possesses… though I have seen it, rarely have I been blessed with the opportunity to cross paths with it.]

Yorna: […After going this far, is your warrior spirit being stirred even further?]

Swordmaster: [It’s embarassin’… but yer right.]

Those words had been glib, for they seemed to not have felt embarrassed in the slightest. That much was painfully obvious from the pairs of eyes that were glowing ever more radiant, and from the chilling heat of their malevolent smiles.

Even when compared to the other undead, the Undead Swordmaster’s fiendish aura and delusional state was clearly abnormal, and Iris aka Yorna had been overpowered by aspects aside from her own abilities, at which she had clenched her fists in shame.

Those tightly clenched fists had been gently embraced by the hands of Tanza, who was in her arms.

Eugard: [Child, to grasp the hand of Mine Star thus, and to remain in her embrace, I shall permit it.]

Tanza: […I shall continue to do so, even if I do not receive your permission.]

At Tanza’s indignant tone, Eugard’s sharp countenance had remained undisturbed. However, Iris aka Yorna could perceive that Eugard had accepted her reply positively.

As Eugard continued to walk towards the seemingly endless stream of Undead Swordmasters that appeared to be increasing in number, ten or twenty at a time; Emilia, with a tense expression on her face, had attempted to join him.

However, Eugard stopped Emilia with his gaze.

Eugard: [Thy will to aid is good. Nevertheless, entrust this unto mineself.]

Emilia: [But, you're not…]

Eugard: [――Eugard Vollachia, that is mine name.]

Emilia: [Vollachia… that’s.]

Emilia, surprised upon hearing Eugard's family name, had looked towards Iris aka Yorna. Having responded to her look with a nod, Iris aka Yorna’s eyes followed Eugard’s back as he went forth.

Eugard and the Undead Swordmaster, separated by a distance of about ten meters, faced each other.

Swordmaster: [Eugard Vollachia… perhaps, are ya the Emperor of the Briar?]

Eugard: [Never have I addressed mineself as such, but there art those who hath yclept mineself so. Verily, a fitting phrase that doth succinctly depict mine tenure upon the Imperial Throne. It shall prove facile to inscribe in the annals of the future.]

Swordmaster: [Haha, hahaha! What a surprise! The strongest among all the Emperors of the Sacred Vollachian Empire! To think I’d be able to meet such a person… I knew I had it in me after all!]

His voice bouncing, the pressure of the Undead Swordmaster’s aura of malicious swordsmanship increased all the more. 

Even though he knew that his opponent was Eugard Vollachia, the "Emperor of the Briar" the Undead Swordmaster was not horrified but instead inspired by unusual logic.

The golden eyes of the Undead Swordmasters gleamed at Eugard and his Yang Sword.

Swordmaster: [If I can win against His Excellency the Emperor, could I have the Yang Sword?]

Eugard: [If the sword deems it appropriate, so be it. But I shall not surrender that easily.]

Swordmaster: [Oh.]

Eugard: [Many of my subjects have risked their lives to make the dream of wielding this sword in my hand true.]

Only Iris=Yorna,  who shared joint rulership of Eugard’s many subjects, could understand the passion of the gentle "King of Thorns" who was feared above all others.

In front of Iris=Yorna who watched on, Eugard and the Undead Swordmaster moved simultaneously.

Swordmaster: [――Hah.]

With a short exhalation and lightning steps, their distance from each other was extinguished.

Twenty identical people were divided into four groups, and a flash of sword steel approached Eugard like a whirlwind.

The barbaric act of an ordinary person assembling together first class swordsmanship in order to reach superb class――Emilia and Tanza gasped at the sword attacks that could be called a sword storm that surpassed the sword style.

However, Iris=Yorna did not have a shred of doubt.

Twenty swords were coming at him――however that exchange will end with one precise strike.

The raging storm of swords from the Undead Swordmasters aimed at Eugard from all directions.

But, before those blades could reach the King of Thorns, the brilliantly shining Yang sword flashed――burning away all twenty blades that were approaching, and the crimson tip of the sword cleaved the neck of an Undead  Masterswordsman.

Swordmaster: [This power――]

His neck was gouged out, but even then only the foremost one bore the fatal wound.

The Undead swordmaster grimaced as his remaining nineteen selves, or rather the flood of his other selves that reached him one by one, even though his blade had been severed.

But, if one mistakenly thought their strength was that they could try again if after death then――,

Yorna: [It’s over.]

――In the next moment, the Undead Swordmaster, whose whole body was cut, burst into flames. That then spread to the other nineteen Undead Swordmasters.All at once, they were all swallowed by flames.

Swordmaster: [――Wha, Aaa.]

In the hands of Eugard Vollachia, the Yang Sword  ignited its true flame. The soul of the Undead Swordmaster who was hit by the slash was the spark from which the flame rose.

Coincidentally, Vincent Vollachia's Yang Sword set the soul of the Witch Sphinx, the bearer of the "Great Disaster," ablaze. It was the same conclusion.

Swordmaster: [Kah!]

Swordmaster: [Guh gur!}

Swordmaster: [――Oooh!]

Burned by the tremendous fire, the Undead Swordmasters were burnt to ashes one after another. Every time a burning individual perished, a new one was revived and replenished, but it too was engulfed by the flames.

More and more, over and over without exception he left more than a dozen of himself as charcoal, the Undead Swordmaster looked down at his hands, which continued to be burned by the unquenchable fire.

And then――,

Swordmaster: [Aah, aah, dammit. This, is where I end…hk!]

An indistinct voice spilled from a throat burned by the flames, and the Undead Swordmaster grimaced.

For a moment, this made one imagine this as a last ditch effort made by one who could not admit defeat, but that worry was denied by the end of the Undead Swordmaster who burned up and turned to charcoal.

With his battered, crumpled hands reaching towards the heavens, the Undead Swordmaster disappeared.

In the end――,

Tanza: [――He, didn’t vanish?]

While witnessing the same thing, Tanza voiced her concern. 

As Iris-Yorna took her hand in hers, she gave Tanza an answer to her fears by wrapping her small hand  in her own free hand, assuring Tanza that it would be okay.

Emilia: [...Those people, were they all burned?]

Eugard: [It is somewhat difficult to find the right word for it, but yes. The Yang Sword's flame burns up whatever its owner desires. Souls are no exceptions.]

Emilia: I see…Thanks, that’s reaaally helpful.]

Even after expressing her gratitude,Emilia looked gloomily at the many remainders of the Undead Swordmasters that had burned up.

Even though the opponent was undead, even though he was an opponent who used the characteristics of the undead in a sinister way, the fact that his life was lost shook Emilia's amethyst eyes.

Iris-Yorna once had the same feeling as Emilia.――To think it was one of the things she had to let go of after living so many lives.

However, there were some things she couldn’t let go of.

Eugard: [――O Star of Mine.]

Called so once more, Iris/Yorna faced Eugard directly. 

Resurrected as an undead, Eugard had been liberated from its abominable yoke. Both his refined features, beautiful and elegant, and his voice, which resounded in her chest far too much when compared to its actual volume, were a continuation of that day.

However, there were also things that could not be explained with that alone.

Yorna: [Your Excellency, the thorns are…]

That which binded others, thrusting spikes into their hearts; the Curse of Thorns.

Isolating Eugard, and having served as the impetus of the special time that he and Iris shared together, it was something that still ensnared his soul even in death, a binding curse from which no refuge could be sought.

At the current moment, it could not be felt. That went not only for Iris/Yorna, but for Tanza and Emilia as well.

That was to say, Eugard had been released from the Curse of Thorns.

Yorna: [The curse, has it been dispelled?]

Eugard: [――That is not so. The Curse of Thorns yet remaineth intact. The curse hath been transferred to another, no longer doth it persist within mineself.]

Yorna: [Transferred…? Such a thing, such a thing is possible?]

Eugard: [――That being made it possible. It be not something that could have ever been accomplished in the era of mine lifetime. Since then, the stream of time hath flowed, and many a wisdom hath come forth. A magnificent world it is.]

Eugard Vollachia had been released from the Curse of Thorns.

Within Eugard’s answer as he quietly drew his chin, there was loaded a deep sense of admiration towards the one who had accomplished that.

Yorna: [Your Excellency, the curse is…]

On the other hand, Iris/Yorna was left speechless by Eugard’s reply. 

Although she understood that it was Eugard’s nature to want to accurately represent that the Curse of Thorns ultimately had not disappeared, it was still a fulfillment of Iris and Yorna’s dearest wish.

For even if that was after his death, Eugard’s soul had parted ways with the Curse of Thorns.

Tanza: [Yorna-sama, this person is…]

Yorna: [Tanza, this gentleman is His Excellency the Emperor Eugard Vollachia… a difficult individual, one who I, who I am in love with.]

At Iris/Yorna’s introduction, Tanza slightly widened her eyes. Then, she raised her face and exchanged glances with Eugard, and after a brief hesitation,

Tanza: [My name is Tanza. I serve as Yorna-sama’s chamberlain.]

Eugard: [Is that so, Tanza. In the time of mine absence, Mine Star hath been in thy care. A great service it is.]

After Tanza timidly spoke so, Eugard nodded.

A distance at which they could see each other’s faces, a distance at which they could hear each other’s voices, a distance at which they could make physical contact should they reach out their hands; at that distance, Eugard and Tanza, had an exchange of words. 

Even though in the past, there had been nobody other than Iris who had been able to do that with Eugard without grimacing in pain.

Emilia: [I am Emilia, just Emilia. Eugard, will you continue to help us?]

As if riding off the deep emotion of Iris/Yorna, Emillia began to speak to Eugard without hesitation.

At her words, Eugard reclined his chin with a “But of course”, and,

Eugard: [The individual who hath released mineself from the thorns of prolonged torment… there is a duty Groovy Gumlet hath entrusted to mineself. I must act verily in his stead.]

Yorna: [Groovy… that personage, released Your Excellency from the curse…]

Eugard: [O Star of Mine.]

Yorna: [Y-yes.]

Caught up on the name of Eugard’s benefactor coming to light, she let out a voice akin to that of a village girl at the sudden call.

That instant, the fact that the air given off by Eugard had become gentle seemed to be proof that he thought Iris/Yorna’s reaction to be lovely, but she would not touch upon that.

Only, as Eugard captured Iris and Yorna in the gaze of his blue eyes,

Eugard: [For thee, I wish to devote mine entirety. There existeth no lie in those words. Henceforthーー]

Yorna: [It goes without saying, but we shall be together. ーーI refuse for us to be separated for even a moment longer.]

Until the very moment in which I am bereaved of you, I wish to hold this miracle upon my lips.

This was Yorna’s answer bereft of falsehood, straight from the bottom of Iris’s heart.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The scent of his soul scorching assailed his nostrils.

There was no sensation of pain. His whole body engulfed in flames, the heat of being hideously burned was also akin to a gentle breeze. 

However, unable to break away from that gentle breeze, it reduced his newly created body to ash and cinder, attempting to put an end to his existence. 

Even if doused in water, the flames shan’t fade. Even were he to try to spread the fire elsewhere, the flames shan’t spread. Even were the point of flames’ genesis lopped off, the rest of his body would immediately be ignited by the inescapable flames of terminus―― indeed, this was his terminus.

He had a feeling. He knew. This blaze shan’t fade. Until he met his end, it shan’t fade.

Rowan: [Ahh, ahhh, AHHHH, what the hell…]

Going so far as to descend to the body of an undead by his own blade, he had attempted to master the way of the sword.

The flame of the Yang Sword, which he had encountered upon his journey to reach the final destination of that path, burned the soul of Rowan Segmunt, the man who had a burning desire for the Heavenly Sword, attempting to scorch his entirety to naught.

Refusing to remain in that place, Rowan fled the battlefield, and broke into a mad dash.

His leg crumbled as he stepped forth, so if the next step would result in losing his entire lower half, he lopped off his own head as to not needlessly waste time, and thus the next step of his remains would be taken by his next self.

Repeating this process, Rowan ran. ――He distanced himself from the Emperor of the Briar, in order to reach the place he was obliged to reach before he was burnt to a crisp. 

Rowan: [What the hell… Just as expected, it’s in my possession.]

As embers emanated from all over his body, a vividly gruesome smile emerged on Rowan’s face.

Reduced to an undead, Rowan had become acutely aware of the state of his own soul,  and had placed the tips of his toes upon the steps to reach the Heavenly Sword. In order to reliably take the next step higher, this was his next trial, indeed.

Rowan’s souls would be scorched to oblivion in the not so distant future. But, the flame of a candle would always burn brightest right before it went out.

――For Rowan Segmunt, reaching the Heavenly Sword was his life’s dearest wish.

He had even proved that he would give up his life with no hesitation for that purpose.

In truth, by experiencing death, and gaining awareness of the shape of his soul, Rowan had steadily gotten closer to achieving his wish.

Thus, as long as Rowan reached the Heavenly Sword, it mattered not if it was only for a single second.

For a mere second before his soul was burnt to a crisp, even if it was for naught more than an instant, all that mattered was that he reached it.

And what was needed to achieve that――,

???: [――Oya oya oya, I had thought somebody was furiously dashing here, but to think it would be a flaming entrance! My my now isn’t this quite the flashy production if I do say so myself?]

An audible voice; the place he had wanted to reach before being burnt to nihil.

Beholding the owner of that voice beyond his burning field of vision, Rowan thanked his karma.

He had arrived at the place he had wanted to reach. All that remained, was to reach it. 

Indeed, before Rowan as he gave a burning grin, the boy, holding a brown-skinned girl in his arms, smiled.

As irony would naturally have it, the boy gave a smile that resembled Rowan’s own, and spoke.

Boy: [Just now, you made me think this for the first time, dad. ――I don’t dislike it, rather, I quite like it.]

So he declared.
