*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――The reconstruction of the vessel into the Witch of Greed, through the transformation of the soul.

That was the ultimate goal of the Witch, Sphinx, in orchestrating this massive catastrophe, the Great Disaster of the Vollachian Empire.

It was the purpose for which she had been created, one that had remained unaccomplished for the over three hundred years since her birth into this world―― the proposition that continued to persist at the core of Sphinx, regardless of how far she had come. 

Following the rationale of the Stargazers, considered to only appear within the Vollachian Empire, it could be called a commandment bestowed upon Sphinx from birth.

In order to fulfill that commandment, be it a kingdom or an empire, she would hold no qualms about bringing them to ruin.

As a matter of fact――,

???: [――When you flooded the Empire with the dead, was that your intention?]

Priscilla, imprisoned with both arms above her head and restrained by chains, narrowed her crimson eyes.

Those astute eyes held not a shade of astonishment concerning what was taking place before her, but only a blazing fire that burned with placid understanding as its fuel.

With her lips twisting into a smile at the sight of that crimson gaze, Sphinx, who had now become the Witch of Greed, nodded.

Sphinx: [By nature, the soul and the vessel are inseparable; this I had understood immediately after I was created. The long years of my quest, it could be said that they were a journey to reconcile that incoherence.]

She was intended to be a replicant of the Witch of Greed, yet the vessel that had become the receptacle for the soul differed from that of the Witch of Greed, hence Sphinx had been born as an incomplete version of the Witch of Greed.

Although she had not considered the over three hundred years of trial and error, fraught with failure, as suffering, even Sphinx was no exception to feeling a sense of accomplishment upon finally having reached the horizon.

And as Priscilla had posited, this was, without a doubt, a path brought to fruition by having caused the Great Disaster within the Empire.

 ――As mentioned previously, by nature, the vessel and the soul were inseparable aspects of life.

Even intangible entities like Spirits would not be an exception to this. For the presence or absence of a tangible body is not important, rather, the vessel that forms the receptacle within which the soul resides.

To say that they are incongruous, also implies that such a life is in an unnatural state. Hence, within the inseparable soul and vessel, there would be a force at work that attempts to correct this unnatural incongruity.

Certainly, no matter what corrective forces are at work, cases where a vessel mutates to match its soul are rare.

The techniques employed by the Shinobi that alter the soul and change the form of the vessel to match, and spells such as reincarnation that requires multiple lives as a sacrifice are rare examples of this, however, the former requires talent in the technique of molding the soul and the vessel into the appropriate form, while the latter requires a strong connection between the caster and the numerous sacrifices.

Being conditions that Sphinx could not meet, she was forced to abandon both possibilities in consideration of their feasibility in achieving her desire. 

Hence, Sphinx took advantage of it. ――of the Great Disaster.

Priscilla: [Resurrecting the dead across the Empire with evil magic, and in the process, make innumerable observations of the invisible and intangible souls. Was it not perfect for verifying your objectives?]

Sphinx: [The fact that the Great Disaster would take place was foreseen. The sole consideration that remained was whether my plan would be deemed suitable… the results as you can see.]

Priscilla: [For someone so triumphant, it seems like it was quite the tightrope to walk on, was it not?]

Sphinx: [I shall not deny it. Required: Surmounting.]

Prisiclla’s remark was correct. It was indeed an endeavor fraught with myriad uncertainties.

Whether the ritual of the Sacrament of the Immortal King could be modified and linked to the Great Spirit of Vollachia, the Stone, to realize an army of undead, whether the artificially created Sphinx would be recognized as a singular soul and be included as a candidate for resurrection as an undead, and whether something capable of inducing a transformation of the soul that Sphinx herself could not achieve would emerge, had all been uncertain.

Sphinx: [However.]

The revival of the undead through the reenactment of the Sacrament of the Immortal King was successful, and Sphinx's plan to resurrect herself as an undead also went smoothly. Furthermore, those who received an alteration in their souls, such as Lamia Godwin and The Great Eye Izmail, had also appeared, hence the foundation that Sphinx required had been laid.

And then――,

Sphinx: [The final push was the flame of the Yang Sword, how ironic.]

Priscilla: [――――]

Sphinx: [If things had continued as they were, I would undoubtedly have been annihilated. That predicament however, became the impetus for me to undertake countless considerations at the end.]

Priscilla: [――No, that is incorrect.]

Sphinx: [Incorrect?]

At the denial of the fact that she had narrowly escaped the crisis where her soul was being incinerated, Sphinx tilted her head.

In contrast to when she had been the incomplete vessel of the “Witch of Greed”, the height of her gaze was different. Her face, neck and exposed skin were no longer pallid and bloodless, and her eyes were no longer the gold on black of the undead, rather her black pupils had been reproduced. 

Nevertheless, it was certain that Sphinx was still an undead.

The successful reproduction of a soul in a state almost indistinguishable from the living had a significant impact on its appearance. The achievement itself served as proof of the correctness of Sphinx's theory.

Sphinx: [What am I mistaken about, then? Explanation: Required.]

Priscilla: [Do not use impassioned words like “countless considerations” to describe what you have brought about. Your life was on the brink of being extinguished, so with disgraceful fierceness you strove to survive.]

Sphinx: [――. I am an undead though.]

Priscilla: [Do you think the dead have no right to strive for survival. Those countless thin ropes you had to cross, none of them could be traversed with a nonchalant attitude.]

Sphinx: [――――]

Priscilla: [You strove to survive and drew forth the outcome you desired. Regardless of how displeasing or unfavorable it may be for mineself, you must correctly recognize that fact. ――And if you dare to be my enemy.]

To Sphinx whose lips remained sealed, the imprisoned Priscilla declared thus with boldness.

At Priscilla’s gaze that spoke volumes, Sphinx showed a slight frown.   

Priscilla's sharp tongue, with a sharpness that did not detract from her character in the slightest, seemed to be praising Sphinx's defiance.

As if in acknowledgement of the fact that Sphinx’s trial and error had borne fruit.

Sphinx: [――――]

It birthed a slight unease within Sphinx’s chest. ――Unbefitting of the Witch of Greed, it was an unwarranted sentiment. 

Sphinx: [――. I should avoid engaging with your explanations. Self-defense: Required. ]

Priscilla: [Oh my. As if being chained this way was not enough, you would now turn a deaf ear to mine words as well? If that is the case, there would be no point in you staying here or in keeping me alive. In spite of that, why do you continue to do so?]
 
Sphinx: [As stated, I will not engage.]

Priscilla: [Hmm, very well. Then I shall lay everything bare.]

Arching her crimson lips, Priscilla, being unwilling to accept Sphinx’s intentions, ignored her statement of the same.

Her words and tone of voice held great power. Once she begins to speak, regardless of how much the listener desires to close their ears to them, her words have the power to make them listen. 

Priscilla: [The execution of this plan in the Empire and your continued presence before me even now that  your transformation into the vessel for this so-called Witch was successful, the reasons for both are glaringly obvious.]

Hence, to Sphinx who had failed to silence her, Priscilla continued to speak.

And thus――,

Priscilla: [You are trying to flaunt the demise of the Empire while leaving me alive. For what reason? To show mineself the destruction of my country, so as to break my heart. ――At the root of which, is your endless hatred towards me.]

――She had correctly surmised the two primary goals of the Witch known as Sphinx: to reproduce the transformation of the soul into Witch of Greed, and to enact her revenge on Priscilla Barielle.

△▼△▼△▼△

――For Aldebaran, this was a fateful encounter that should not have happened.

Al: [――Echidnaaaaa!!]

His voice trembling with wrath, Al grabbed the rapidly emerging stone dao from the ground and hurled it at the Witch of Greed, her white hair fluttering as she floated in mid-air.

The dao distorted the space like a mirage and approached furiously, spinning vertically, toward the Witch, who was about to launch some kind of attack.

Al's ability to jump was not enough to reach the Witch of Greed, but his sword went straight for them――, 

Witch: [I was surprised that someone would call me by that name. Explanation: Required.]

Having said so nonchalantly, The Witch of Greed easily avoided the dao with minimal movement.

The blade missed its target, and sailed past the Witch of Greed without even grazing them.

――And that was what was intended.

Al: [Eat this!]

Immediately after Al shouted in a deep voice, the dao that had missed its target glowed and exploded.

He was not so naive as to think that the sword he threw would hit his opponent. In fact, Al was well aware that his attacks would not be effective against most opponents.

That was why Al's fight would not have been worth considering if he had not laid out all of his moves.

Witch: [――――]

The stone dao that exploded turned into flying debris, mercilessly striking the slender frame of the Witch of Greed.

It was a small explosive projectile, and the way it splintered was designed to cause damage that could not be ignored, even though the damage would be far from fatal if it hit the target.

Even with a small amount of mana, he purposely sculpted the dao so that the shards would be sharp. ――He was good at making the most of what was available to create the maximum effect.

Al: [I had to be able to do these things, or I would die!]

Above Al's barking head, the flying debris pierced the Witch of Greed with a painful sound. ――However, things did not turn out as expected.

Witch: [Hmm.]

The Witch of Greed squinted slightly at the approaching debris and did nothing. There was no need to do anything. The flying debris deflected off the Witch of Greed, floating in the air as if by itself.

Al's attack could not even break through the lingering winds that the Witch of Greed wore to fly.

But for Al, even that was sadly expected.

Witch: [――Hk!]

If the Witch of Greed's attention was diverted, even for a moment or a minute, that would suffice.

Using that gap, Al activated magic under his running feet, and the rising earth became a springboard, propelling Al's body high into the sky.

Next, Al jumped upward and transformed the stone he had grasped into a second dao.

Compared to creating fire or water from nothing, using a pebble as a catalyst to transform it into a large sword consumes less mana and is orders of magnitude faster in terms of transmutation speed.

Al: [OOOHHH――!!]

Using all of his body with the springboard, he delivered a swinging blow to the Witch of Greed.

Unlike flying debris, this could not be auto-guarded with wind. Al's full force was put into that face with all too well-defined wicked features――,

Al: [Gah.]

Witch: [I appreciate your willingness to use your ingenuity to compensate for your lack of ability. Ability: Required.]

The slender arms of the Witch of Greed smoothly parried the dao, and her long legs struck Al's astonished torso. The Witch of Greed turned her hips and kicked Al to the ground.

Al: [Gah!]

He quickly rounded his body to prevent his neck from being broken by the impact of the fall.

However, the strong impact inflicted indescribable damage on Al's entire body. It was not only the physical impact that damaged Al.

Al: [Now, the move is…]

Witch: [It certainly can't say it wasn't unexpected. This results from using previous defeats to compensate for and sharpen the skills that were lacking.]

Lowering the leg she had kicked with the Witch of Greed's words penetrated Al's brain, and he was blindsided.

It was strange. As far as Al knew, she had a propensity to try her hand at everything without restraint, but her athletic skills were atrocious. No matter how much she theorized about it, she could never learn to do such a feat, no matter how hard she tried. She couldn't even do it handstand.

In other words――,

Al: [You aren’t Teacher… Echidna, then?]

Witch: [Your surprise is intriguing. Normally, this would be impossible, but you know my creator. ――How?]

When asked, Al looked back at the Witch of Greed in the air ――who resembled Echidna in appearance and was at a loss for words.

She looked and sounded like Echidna herself. But it was not Echidna.

This Witch of Greed ――no, she did not have the black eyes of the real Witch of Greed. The real Witch of Greed had an unsatisfied curiosity that was both fiendish and bizarre.

Al: [――――]

As Al closed his mouth at this certainty, the non-Echidna being in the form of her narrowed their eyes, framed by white lashes, in slight disapproval,

Witch: [Refusing to answer? I would like to know more information about yourself beyond being a follower of Priscilla Barielle――]

Al: [――Oh, in that case, unfortunately, that's no longer possible.]

It was a flash of lightning, an instantaneous event.

Just as Witch pointed a finger at the barely upright Al, Cecilus appeared behind him with Arakiya in his arms.

Supporting Arakiya with his left hand, he pulled out the Dream Sword with his right hand, and with one flash of his right hand, without hesitation ――the Witch's head was cut off.

Witch: [Wh-]

???: [You said I couldn't kill you. To be honest, the way you said that was a little bit off-putting, so I hope I can redeem myself with this!]

Without even allowing them to react, the blades easily parted Witch's head and torso.

Above the speechless Al's head, Cecilus' tongue protruded out, and his sword style easily killed even the Witch.

That in itself was understandable to Al, who was confused by the appearance of a familiar faced Witch and the fact that it was apparently not the Witch herself.

However――,

???: [――Analysis: Required.]

Understanding what happened next was impossible the first time.

Witch: [――――]

The spinning head's beautiful face only slightly loosened its lips and sneered as her white hair scattered from being decapitated.

Immediately after, the space around the falling Witch is violently distorted to white――,

×  ×  ×

Witch: [Refusing to answer? I would like to know more information about yourself beyond being a follower of Priscilla Barielle――]

Al: [――Oh, in that case, unfortunately, that's no longer possible… Woooooow!?.]

The Witch narrowed her eyes, framed by white lashes, and murmured disapprovingly.

Cecilus, aimed at her slender neck from behind, is startled by a wall of earth that suddenly appeared in front of him, and immediately kicks away from the vacant space, spun around and landed, and then turns his furious and reproachful eyes toward Al.

Cecilus: [Hey, hey, Al-san! What are you doing, getting in my way all of a sudden? That was supposed to be a scene where I was relieved to show my ability after being underestimated at the start of the show! The audience is booing me!]

Al: [Sorry to steal your show, but I can't let you do that. After all, if I let you do that, everyone will be wiped out, or at least… I will be.]

Witch: [――. Hmm.]

To which Al replied, Cecilus stomps on the ground in protest, and the Witch interrupted with an exhale.

With those words, the Witch seemed to have recognized that Al had seen through her trap ――a technique that distorted space and caused it to blow up the whole area in response to her.

It was a dead man's switch that was triggered as soon as Cecilus cut off the Witch's head and with it the power to maintain the twisted space ceased ――a trap with the same mechanism as a bomb that is not detonated when a button is pressed, but when a button is released.

It was a power that Al could not withstand, no matter whether he put up a wall of earth or armor of stone.

In reality, Cecilus may have been able to flee even while carrying Arakiya, but for Al it was a passageway to death with no means of escape.

Therefore, he could not let the Witch be killed recklessly—— This was a fact that Al had been able to ascertain through fifty-three attempts of trial and error.

Moreover, there was another thing which he had been convinced of.

Al: [You bitch, you aren’t Echidna. What the hell, where did you come from and who are you?]

Witch: [I have already told you. I am the Witch of Greed.]

Al: [So, you’re Echidna’s…]

Cecilus: [Wait, wait, Al-san, do you not understand? Or maybe Al-san has never come across them.]

In the gap when Al was about to argue further with the Witch, Cecilus physically intervened. Kicking the ground nimbly and standing in their line of sight while he picked up Arakiya again,

Cecilus: [That person is currently the leader of this big disaster… and so they’re the one who’s resurrecting the dead. She looks different now than when I previously met her but I think she looks more beautiful and villainous so she has the perfect airs for the person who masterminds everything from behind the curtains!]

Al: [She’s the mastermind behind the Great Disaster…]

Witch: [There’s no need for me to hide it, so yes. I am your enemy.]

Exactly as he said, without any deception, the Witch matter-of-factly stated her position, allowing Al to finally escape the humiliating position of having only realized the facts of the situation after Cecilus.

However, there was still the unresolved question of the Witch’s appearance.

Al: [That face of yours is… bad. I can’t think of any possibilities aside from Teacher having gone too far…!]

Witch: [What you know about my Creator, I would like to once again confirm.]

Cecilus: [And yet here I stand.]

To the image of the distressed Al fiddling with his metal helmet, the Witch cast a gaze of great interest. But once again, Cecilus intercepted her gaze, standing in the way of her being able to satiate her curiosity.

But, Cecilus’ function here was not completely positive.

As aforementioned, the Witch’s dead man switch was still functional—— Without some sort of breakthrough, it would be impossible to carelessly defeat the Witch of Greed.

Al: [...Nah, you’re different. You aren’t the Witch of Greed.]

Having said this, Al denied the idea that had formed in his head.

Though the Witch’s appearance was certainly identical to Echidna, the title of the Witch of Greed was not something which was bestowed upon someone that merely resembled her.

This was not limited to just the Witch of Greed—— The title of Witch, was not something to be bestowed lightly.

Al: [There’s no way that someone could become a Witch so easily.]

Witch: [I have no desire to ostentatiously flaunt my achievements, but I find it a little annoying to be told that it was easy for me to reach this point.]

Al: [Shut up, die a hundred deaths and then talk.]

Apparently the Witch was feeling displeased, but this was equally true for Al.

He wanted to immediately rush to Priscilla who was underneath the Crystal Palace, so being held up by a Witch who appeared annoyed was no joke.

Al: [Re-initiate thought experiment, territory redefinition.]

Left with his raging fighting spirit, Al renewed his matrix as he glared at the Witch.

Even with Cecilus around he could not be too careful. This was because, along with the fact that one could not carelessly kill the Witch, Al had become convinced of another fact.

That was——,

Al: [Cecilus, hold onto Arakiya-chan tightly.]

Cecilus: [Of course I don’t think I’d carelessly throw her away but… doesn’t that way of putting it make it sound like I should treat her as if she was as important as a princess?]

Al: [That’s right——Since the aim of that woman with the nasty face, is the life of Arakiya-chan.]

The Witch, shepherd of the Great Disaster, had brought herself here on foot, all because of the fact that Arakiya’s life slept in the arms of Cecilus.


△▼△▼△▼△

Priscilla: [Normally, Arakiya would not have been able to suppress the Stone she had swallowed, thus meeting her demise by exploding. However, your calculations were off.] 

Sphinx: [――――]

Priscilla: [My Soul Marriage Technique and The Blue Lightning’s Masayume were the unforeseen factors. If it were just one or the other, perhaps it would be different, but Arakiya has both. ――But then again, until those are aligned, If Arakiya hadn't been able to withstand it, your calculations would have come true.]

After asserting that, Priscilla gained confidence in her own assessment from Sphinx's silent demeanor.

Despite getting struck on the mark, there was no sign of discomfort on Sphinx’s face. Yet, she didn't resort to manipulating words. A display of courage in the face of an irregulah situation.

―― Arakia's survival was supposed to be an unexpected outcome that deviated from Sphinx's plans.

Originally, if things had gone as Sphinx’s plan, Arakiya would have self-destructed due to the fact that she had taken on a power that was beyond her stature in order to save Priscilla.

Akin to the downfall of the Vollachian Empire, showing Arakiya's tragic demise must have been one of Sphinx's schemes prepared to torment Priscilla.

For that purpose, Sphinx had deliberately made Arakiya to consume the Stone.

However, it had backfired. ――Because Arakiya's continued endurance without destroying herself had allowed the intervention of Priscilla and Cecilus to successfully prolong her life.

And as a result, the Spirit Eater Arakiya had not only thwarted Sphinx's intentions but also rose to a significantly disruptive position in her plans.

In the other words――,

Priscilla: [――The Stone within Arakia was subdued by Cecilus Segmund with the Dream Sword. Therefore, her life is now synonymous with the Stone.]

Sphinx: [――Yes, that is right. I have no objections to your assessment.]

Priscilla's assertion, to which Sphinx also nodded in agreement.

It was an affirmation of a dramatic, fateful change in circumstances―― an acknowledgment of the proof that Arakiya had become deeply and inseparably connected to the Stone Muspel she had taken in.

Perhaps Arakiya's original intention was to absorb a part of Muspel, thereby teaching the Great Spirit the fear of death by having Cecilus kill it through this connection, and thus putting and end to the situation where Sphinx would use the Stone for the grand application of the Sacrament of the Immortal King.

However, looking at the results alone, that plan had failed.

In essence, for both the living and the dead caught in the grip of the Stone, this situation turned out to be a beyond and <i>irregulah</i> expectation.

Sphinx: [But you are still the one cornered. If she… General First-Class Arakiya were to fall, the Stone Muspel would meet its demise. The destruction of Vollachian Empire is inevitable.]

Priscilla: [Do you think that my eyes will cloud over if my once-discarded homeland falls? You underestimated me.]

Sphinx: [Then, sit back and watch. Whether it's bravado or not will become clear.]

Crimson and jet black, Priscilla and Sphinx's eyes glared at each other squarely.

Despite the heat and sharpness in Priscilla's gaze, Sphinx's firm will remained unshaken. It was a terrific feeling that didn't allow her to revel in the fact that the wheels of the plan had gone haywire.

The source of this was Sphinx's hatred towards Priscilla, rivaling her long-standing obsession t, which spanned centuries, to achieve the goal of becoming the Witch of Greed――.

Priscilla: [To hate myself so much… No, perhaps to desire to be like her, the Witch] 

Sphinx: [There's no name for the prick in my heart. Or do you know what this is within me? Answer: Required.]

Priscilla: [――It's uncouth for anyone else to mention it, do not make mineself say it.]

To the nameless feelings of the other side, Priscilla had no desire to assign a name to it.

Even without a name, a blooming flower would still be a flower. Even if it was a flower only that only grew pedals atop piled corpses, its beauty was not to be blamed.

Sphinx: [――――]

Silenced by Priscilla's answer, Sphinx instead snapped her fingers.

At that moment, before the Witch's appearance changed, the image of the distant vision that was reflected in the magic crystal on the tip of the staff was projected onto the mirror surface of the water mirror that was created in mid-air.

―― The sight of a being in the same shape as the Witch in front of him raining stars from the still bright sky to put an end to the land of the Sword Wolf.

△▼△▼△▼△

Cecilus: [――Clouds gather over the moon, and wind scatters the flowers, so to speak.]

Allowing the elegant, picturesque poem to flow off of his tongue, Cecilus plunged himself into the tempest of stones. 

The upheaved maelstrom of debris before him was bound to be a fatal hail of bullets through a forest of blades, but pulling Arakiya tightly in his arms, Cecilus successfully evaded it with the minimal amount of movement. ――No,

Cecilus: [How wonderful. It’s a difficulty level that only I’m capable of dealing with!]

Licking the blood trickling down his grazed cheek, Cecilus trained a gaze on the Witch who was blowing a raging storm.

Though it was troublesome, he could not tear down the advantageous position the Witch was maintaining from a high altitude. Arakiya had essentially flattened all the surrounding buildings that could have been used as footholds, and there were no stage props on this battlefield that would buy him the range to reach her with a jump.

Having said that, even if he wanted to lead the enemy to some other battlefield――,

Witch: [――Al Goa.]

Brought about by the short incantation, was a gargantuan mass of flames that plummeted down on an unbelievable scale.

If it were to make impact with the ground, the entirety of the surrounding area would be engulfed in the tongues of flame, and it would likely amount to hellscape on par with that of his battle against Arakiya.

And unlike Arakiya, the Witch had no need to concern herself with limiting the area comprising her theater of war.

Cecilus: [It’s simply troublesome! ]

That instant, the brandish of the Dream Sword, unsheathed at lightning speed, unleashed a stroke of cloud-cutting, bisecting the fireball in the sky above.

The bundle of flames basked in the glint of the slash, and released a firepower capable of turning the surface into a sea of flame out into the sky, coating it once more in the destructive hue of red after it had temporarily returned to its usual color.

It was quite splendid that the sight was exceedingly flashy, however he would not be able to quietly sit and enjoy that view.	

That was because the mass of flames raining down did not end with just that one shot.

Witch: [Goa. El Goa. Ul Goa. Al Goa.]

At the successive incantations, ruinous fire of immense volume began to fall like a scene out of a nightmare.

At the rain of fire that did not omit even a single shot, Cecilus’s eyes brilliantly lit up―― throwing Arakiya directly to his side, he gripped the handle of the Dream Sword.

Cecilus: [Don-don-don-don-do-do-don-don!!]

While slicing in a staccato rhythm, the shimmering Dream Sword cleared away the downpour of flame. As the sound of thunder, the sound of explosion, the sound of the world ending, were all strummed, the perilous radiance of the sky increased all the more.

His cheeks contorted into a smile, however, Cecilus would not welcome a war of attrition.

Cecilus was capable of disregarding the risk that came in exchange for the Dream Sword’s power to the maximum degree, but forcibly avoiding the payment of resources that were supposed to be limited was a mutual occurrence between the two parties.

That was to say, in the current state, the battle between Cecilus and the Witch was at a standstill.

If what Al said was true, if they carelessly lopped the head off of the Witch, the whole area would be blown away. When he strained his eyes, he could see that the atmosphere surrounding the Witch was distorting, so there was quite a high amount of credibility to that.

Even if the space was about to be blown away, Cecilus could probably outrun it and get away, but the moment Al, who was deep with doubt and capable of using “True Sight” just like Schwartz, did not make any indication of that being the case, Cecilus could somewhat presume that it was a disadvantageous gamble.

Therefore, this was a standstill, and if the only way to move the situation was Cecilus, it would be a one-way ticket to their demise――,

Cecilus: [That’s why this is your time to shine, Al-san.]

Al: [I know goddammit! Also, don’t be throwing Lil’ Miss Arakiya away without any reservations like that!]

Cecilus: [How vexing that you call it throwing her away! It was a feat only made possible due to the mutual trust between myself and Al-san!]

As Cecilus caused countless blazing flowers of brilliant crimson to bloom in the sky, Al shouted at him while carrying Arakiya, who had been thrown over to himself, with his one arm.

Of course, he had thrown Arakiya believing that Al was in a good position to catch her, but from Al’s point of view, it would have looked like he had thrown her away.

Even so, Al had not failed to catch something even once, and above all――,

Witch: [Are you able to evade this, too?]

With a short mutter from the Witch, a white heat ray was fired from her finger.

That was not something aimed at Cecilus, but rather, it was aimed directly at Al―― no, it was aimed at Arakiya, who was being carried in his arms, but the attack that was attempting to stop her heart would not reach.

Right in the nick of time, Al evaded by a margin that could only be described as a hair’s breadth.

That evasion was terribly clumsy, with a form that paid no heed to how he looked while doing so.

Cecilus: [If it’s a good outcome and it fits the char then that’s fine! However just as Al-san said, Anya is being completely targeted!]

Al: [At any rate, it seems like if Lil’ Miss Arakiya dies, the base of the Empire will collapse!]

Cecilus: [I see I don’t get it in the slightest!]

Being told something that seemed like a joke in a manner that did not seem to be joking, though Cecilus smiled, he did not laugh; snatching Arakiya from Al’s hand as they passed each other, he accelerated.

Cecilus: [Well then how about this now, if you want to tag along, then pursue me with your eyes, pursue me with your heart, and pursue me with your very soul―― Ohh!?]

Kicking off the ground, Cecilus approached lightning speed with Arakiya in his arms.

Yielded in the air as if to surround the range of Cecilus’s sprint, were many beautiful mirrors fabricated with water―― the surfaces of those mirrors reflected the white heat rays fired by the Witch, and a boisterous dance of light commenced.

From all directions, lethal luminescence was chaotically fired, targeting Cecilus.

Cecilus: [I-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-ten!]

Amidst the berserk tempest of light, Cecilus ran through as if he was dancing. He inclined his body, leaned forward, stretched out his legs, lowered his posture, and occasionally stepped over the light with long str

And for the angles he could not evade, he would utilize the blade of the Dream Sword, and cleave the water mirrors reflecting the light in twain. With the splashing sound of a flat stone skipping across a surface of water, he basked in the scattered droplets of the broken water mirror, and cut his way through the storm――,

Witch: [――This is what it feels like for the world to turn against you.]

That instant, the declaration of the Witch, and the sound of the atmosphere tensing struck Cecilus’s eardrums.

The pain he felt running through his whole body in that moment, was proof that the splash of the broken water mirror had instantly frozen over, stealing heat from Cecilus’s body, and robbing him of his freedom.

Even the water mirrors were carefully planned out with second and third stage preparations, how truly cunning.

The feeling of the world turning against you, this was yet another famous piece of elegant composition.

Certainly, in the Vollachian Empire, where there were nearly no magicians in the traditional sense, the opportunities to encounter a master like this never came about.

Cecilus: [But it seems like you aren’t aware. ――The world is always awaiting my activities!]

Contrary to his falling body temperature, his motivation surged with an increased radiance. That instant, the Mana circulating within Cecilus’s body began to rampage with an inexplicable vigor, as if a lightning bolt had ignited it; the glaciation that had attempted to rob him of his body heat and freedom evaporated instantaneously, and he resumed his sprint.

Having escaped the restraints of ice with that vigor, Cecilus looked up to the sky, and a broad smile emerged on his face.

That was not a smile he gave while exchanging glances with the airborne Witch. ――Beyond that Witch, falling down from much, much higher up in the sky, he had laid eyes upon the radiance of a star.

Witch: [――Al Shario.]

The meaning of the incantation, indicated that the radiance of that star was something brought about by the Witch’s hand.

Before the sensational truth that an incredible magician was capable of making a star fall, the Dream Sword resting upon Cecilus’s waist pulsated in excitement.

It was responding. Yearning to devour the “dream” surging within its owner, Masayume was doing so.

Cecilus: [――Truly enthralling.]

The downpour of light spoke thus. Slay the star.

The beloved blade mounted on his waist spoke thus. Slay the star.

The many members of the audience standing in unison spoke thus. Slay the star.

The soul of Cecilus Segmunt spoke thus. Slay the star.

Cecilus: [――――]

Averting a mere sliver of his consciousness away from the star for a moment, Cecilus licked his lips.

Currently, aside from the “dream” invigorating his soul with a supreme challenge, everything would become notions of the past. In order to actualize that, Cecilus lay the girl in his arms down upon the floor, and stood in front of her.

He had chosen the most even surface he could find. Even having taken off his haori and laying it out, he had handled her with the utmost amount of thoughtfulness. [1]

From here, though he felt sorry about it, even her presence would be excluded from his field of consciousness.

Cecilus: [Ha.]

 A beat after the hoarse exhale, Cecilus silently unsheathed the Dream Sword from his waist.

The drawn blade made contact with the atmosphere, and as it started vibrating as if siphoning Cecilus’s ardor as he clasped its hilt, luster began to dwell within it.

The Enchanted Sword would devour its owner's “dreams”, and turn their “pipe dreams” into dreams come true.

Concentrating his focus upon the starlight, Cecilus forgot to blink, to breathe, even to make his heart beat, and poured all of his energy into becoming one and the same with the Enchanted Sword.

While he was doing so, the Witch seemed to be doing something to disrupt Cecilus’s focus, but.

Cecilus: [Ha.]

Cecilus’s consciousness was singularly honed in on the radiance of the star. Thus, he would 	exclude absolutely anything and everything unnecessary for accomplishing that. Color and sound and smell and taste, the approaching earth, wind, fire and water, all were unconsciously excluded.

But, merely removing those, was not enough.

――If it was necessary, then.

Cecilus: [――――]

The starlight hurtling down towards the ground, even if the destructive power enshrouding it did not make direct contact with the land, the pressure alone would make the surface split apart, burn the atmosphere, and convert light into pain.

Looking up to the sky in hopes to deliver a counter attack, Cecilus Segmunt, was thankful for this moment.

With that gratitude in his heart, he celebrated all.

Cecilus: [――――]

The escape of his exhale, just who would notice that the way it resounded had changed?

That which was required of Cecilus in this moment, that which was coveted in order to wield the Dream Sword to the fullest extent without any misgivings; that answer had been brought about by emotions that reeked of blood, ones that were awfully transient in nature.

The clash of blades that had been exchanged in his father’s final moments, had informed Cecilus Segmunt. ――It had informed him about the whereabouts of the soul.

The blade of Rowan Segmunt, the sword of the man who desecrated life and death alike, had done so.

Therefore――,

Cecilus: [――Swordsman, Cecilus Segmunt.]

Indeed, giving an austere statement, the Blue Lightning, Cecilus Segmunt, the most powerful being within the Vollachian Empire, swung the Dream Sword with limbs of length most befitting the leading actor.

△▼△▼△▼△

――The Lightning bolt cuts off the starlight.

There was no other appropriate way to describe what happened.

The only question that lies before them is whether or not they can believe that what they actually saw was real.

However――,

Al: [How ridiculous is this…!]

Cecilus Segmunt slayed the stars.

In the likeness of the Witch of Greed, the mastermind who wielded the forbidden magic she was so adept at, is now wide-eyed at the same reality Al witnessed.

It was not easy to make the stars fall.

Even the real Witch of Greed said she would never want to drop more than one a day.

In other words, performing a series of shots was impossible.

Al: [Ooh――!]

In a world where the light of the cut-off stars turned the sky white so that even sound was lost, Al, raising his voice only to inspire himself, approached mid-air using the stone pillars that were being created as footholds.

A star fell, and that star was slashed, and then, to the stopped Witch's amazement――,

Witch: [I was indeed surprised. However――]

Al jumped at the Witch and smashed her with a stone dao, which was crushed by the Witch's palm. A combination of magic and martial arts, the wind in her palm vibrates and shatters it.

If a direct hit was made, flesh, bone, and everything else would be shredded to pieces.

With it still in her hand, the Witch tried to smash Al's head, including his helmet.

Cecilus, who had unleashed one too many unconventional sword strikes, and the Witch, who updated her threat level to him, corrected her perception of Al as an obstacle to killing Arakiya and regarded him as a pebble that should be eliminated quickly.

But she had no idea. ――even a pebble can sometimes kill someone who stumbles over it.

Witch: [Innovation: Required――]

A moment later, Witch's head is struck by Al's left arm ――an improvised prosthetic arm made of stone and earth.

Al: [――Your stars were bad.]

Witch: [――――]

When Al said that, Witch's eyes flickered, changing the connotation of his usual words.

It was a moment when she planned to counterattack or countermeasure in some way. ――The moment seemed as distant as an eternity in front of Al, who had already finished his preparations.

Al: [――Ol Shamak.]

Inside his iron helmet, the world changed in response to the chant spun by Al's lips.

It was an unexpected attack that entangled the Witch's whole body, causing her to stop thinking for a moment and preventing her body movements and the activity of the Gate within her body.

It was an anti-Witch trump card that Al had mastered.

Witch: [――ah.]

The Witch fell to the ground with a weak exhale, having lost her freedom.

Constrained by a contradictory power that resembled a black light, it looked like the chrysalis of an insect. As a matter of fact, it has hardened to such an extent that she cannot move. ――It is just like the most terrifying Witch in the world.

Al: [But with this…Ohbu.]

Al landed beside the fallen Witch and tried to look up, but he felt emptied out and fell to his knees and vomited on the spot.

His improvised left arm had already collapsed. He quickly lifted the chin of his helmet with his right hand, and his whole body trembled from the enormous exhaustion as he vomited yellow gastric juice from his exposed mouth.

A pounding, intense pain shot through his head, and his vision completely blacked out.

This sensation, his eyesight will not return for a while. It was a relief, though, that he had already finished restraining the Witch――,

Witch: [――Correction: Required.]

Al: [Ah?]

Out of breath and with the edges of his mouth stained with gastric drool, Al looked up.

Even when raised, his vision remained dark, but he turned his head toward the sound of the voice and asked the question.

What did Witch just say?

Their Gate was forcibly closed, and the Witch was supposed to be unable to work her magic, but what was she going to do――.

Al: [What?]

Al, whose vision was limited, was not aware of it. ――The entire Crystal Palace, located in the northernmost part of the Imperial Capital and known as the most beautiful castle in the world, glowed faintly.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

The Crystal Palace had blinked, and the ultimate weapon of the Imperial Capital Lupugana, the Magic Crystal Cannon, was fired.

It had been unleashed during the Imperial Civil War, when the living fought for the throne, just before the Great Disaster had threatened the entire Empire. Even capable of rewriting the map, it was a weapon beyond human capabilities to handle.

That the target was himself―― no, that it was aimed at the Witch who lay in a black mass on the ground was, as expected, immediately noticed by Cecilius Segmunt.

It was a suicide tactic designed to lock on to the Witch herself, ensuring that the target would be hit hard―― the person who came up with it would be a genius at harassment, surely the work of the evil and cunning villain.

Cecilus: [Masayume.]

Confirming the sensation of the magic sword in his hand, Cecilus, immediately after cutting through the stars, attempted to push himself even further.

Al achieving a surprise victory that to have him highlighted any further would be excessive, the sleeping heroine behind who if left unprotected would cease to be able to continue in terms of the plot and as a star actress, and the return of the Perfect Cecilus after being vaguely fuelled by his father’s death―― needless to say, he was spurred on by it all.

The Stars, and then the Imperial Treasure, and he, The Blue Lightning standing in opposition―― that was when it happened.  

Cecilus: [――――]

With his foot raised to step forth, Cecilus stood with his blue eyes open wide. 

Then, with a soft sigh, he lowered his raised foot. And shook his lowered head in relief――,

???: [――Al Shamak!!]

Mere moments before the light of the magic crystal cannon would have arrived, a loud voice reverberated across the skies of the Imperial Capital.

Immediately after, the colors of the sky, that had dyed itself in red and white as it pleased, had been painted black, and a bottomless void that swallowed even light had been opened in the sky. 

It was a supremely thrilling flashy interruption that completely wrecked the Witch’s plan to snatch victory by sacrificing herself at this juncture, and the ones who had brought it about were――,

Cecilus: [About time you showed up, or you’d have lost your role, Boss.]

The great void in the sky swallowed up the light, and catching sight of the tiny figures that had created it, Cecilus smiled at the black-haired boy and the girl in the dress who were holding hands.

Seemingly not having heard the voice of the smiling Cecilus, the boy shouted.

???: [Don’t think you can have your way! ――Bring it on, oh inevitable fate]
